7:15 AM - Joe Biden issues preemptive pardons for Mark Milley, Anthony Fauci, the J6 committee members, and security personnel who testified before the committee. Each is a target of Donald Trump for retaliation.

8:35 AM - NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] is attending the Inauguration Day of Donald Trump.

9:16 AM - Trump White House officials say that Donald Trump intends to end birthright citizenship for children born to undocumented immigrants. In addition, he intends to end refugee resettlement and parole programs for Cubans, Nicaraguans, Haitians, and Venezuelans. They also cancel flights for 1,660 Afghan refugees.

10:03 AM - Donald Trump opts not to use an executive order to levy tariffs on day one, instead using one to call for investigations into trade unfairness and deficits with countries such as China, Canada, and Mexico. In addition, the Trump WH still disagrees on how severe and universal tariffs should be, in addition to the fact that Congress has to pay tariffs under the constitution.

10:04 AM - Rep. Michael Waltz [R-FL-6] resigns from congress. He is slated to become Donald Trump’s national security advisor.

11:39 AM - Joe Biden issues a pardon for his entire family in order to prevent their retaliatory prosecution under Donald Trump. Plans leaked that Donald Trump intended to appoint a special prosecutor to go after his family specifically.

12:01 PM - JD Vance is sworn in as 50th Vice President of the United States.

12:02 PM - Donald Trump is sworn in as the 47th President of the United States.

12:09 PM - Donald Trump begins his inaugural address. Declaring a national emergency at the southern border, he will immediately begin the process of deporting millions of illegal immigrants and restoring his border policies. He will also send the military to the border and designate the cartels as FTOs and use the Alien and Sedition Act to eliminate criminal gangs in the US.

He will also declare a national energy emergency and “drill baby drill”. He will open up the potential of American fossil fuels and refill the national petroleum reserve. He will “end the Green New Deal” and the EV mandate (emissions mandate).

He will overhaul the trade system to make other countries pay for the government. He will establish the “External Revenue Service” to collect tariffs. He will establish the DOGE to reduce the budget deficit. He will rein in government bureaucracy and end the “weaponization” of the justice department.

He will end DEI programs and implement color blind and merit based processes for government hiring. He will also establish federal definitions for male and female genders. He will also reinstate service members that were expelled due to rejecting the COVID vaccine.

He will be a peacemaker. He will avoid wars and end other wars. He also claims credit for the hostage deal and ceasefire implemented yesterday. He also talks about regaining America’s honor and respect. He will rename Mt. Denali to Mt. McKinley and the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. He wants to reclaim the Panama Canal. He wants to end the chronic health epidemic. He wants to expand US influence to Mars and the Moon. “Ambition is the lifeblood of the nation”.

12:26 PM - TikTok begins region locking certain search terms relating to Donald Trump. Americans cannot look up terms such as “fascism” or “Donald Trump rigged election”.

12:45 PM - The legal port of entry in El Paso was shut down by US policemen.

1:15 PM - CBP One, an app that facilitated the entry of asylum seekers into the United States, has been shut down by the Trump administration.

2:02 PM - All nonviolent J6 rioters imprisoned are pardoned, while the violent offenders are getting commuted sentences. The Proud Boys leader and Oath Keepers founder will be pardoned. All 180 pending cases against J6 rioters accused of violence are immediately dropped.

2:15 PM - Donald Trump commences signing executive orders. The initial slate is focused on government appointments, with the exception of one ordering US flags to be flown at full staff for the day.

3:18 PM - Elon Musk while addressing the crowd at Capital One Arena makes two gestures that appear to be nazi salutes. This is after he thanked the crowd for saving the “future of civilization”.

4:28 PM - A border agent was shot and killed in Vermont during a traffic stop. The driver was an undocumented immigrant that had overstayed their visa.

4:59 PM - CIA director nominee John Ratcliffe [R-TX] and SoS nominee Marco Rubio [R-FL] are cleared by committee. They will proceed to a Senate confirmation vote.

5:27 PM - Senate Armed Services Committee votes 14-13 to send SecDef nominee Pete Hegseth to the Senate for confirmation.

6:29 PM - Senior DOJ officials that deal with the immigration court systems were fired, alongside multiple immigration court judges. Immigration courts are needed to process asylum and deportations.

6:30 PM - The Senate passes the Laken Riley Act 64-35, with moderate democrats voting in favor alongside the GOP. Sen. Fetterman [D-PA] admitted in an interview that the act would not defend dreamers, but deflected when asked why he broke his promise not to harm them.

6:36 PM - Donald Trump announces he will halt the hiring of all new IRS agents. The IRS is the means of which the federal government is able to gain tax revenue.

6:48 PM - Donald Trump signs executive orders in front of the Capital One Area crowd. Halting new regulations issued by federal bureaucrats, freezing hiring for federal employees with exception it the military, reversing all Biden executive orders, mandating federal workers return to full time in person work immediately, directing every agency and department to “address the cost of living crisis”, withdrawing from the Paris Climate Agreement, preventing government “targeting of free speech”, and ending the “weaponization of government against the previous administration”.

6:51 PM - Marco Rubio [R-FL] is confirmed as Secretary of State by a unanimous vote.

7:51 PM - Trump begins signing executive orders at the White House. He announces that he intends to levy 25% tariffs on both Mexico and Canada. He intends to have them implemented on February 1. He also wants to implement 100% tariffs on Chinese imports, apparently tied to the sale of TikTok, the ban of which he has delayed for 75 days.

Donald Trump signs an EO ending birthright citizenship for children born to undocumented immigrants in the US. This also applies to children born to those on temporary status.

Donald Trump removes the United States from the WHO.

Tens of thousands of federal workers are reclassified as Schedule F appointments. These remove their job protections and open them up for replacement by Trump loyalists.

Donald Trump exempts pipelines and power plants from NEPA regulations. He also eliminates the American Climate Corps, undoing all Biden climate actions. He orders the EPA to eliminate all pigovian cost calculations and streamlining all permitting processes for energy projects. All offshore wind projects leases are halted. He also impounded funds appropriated from the Inflation Reduction Act and Infrastructure and Jobs Act, a move considered unconstitutional under current precedent.

Donald Trump formally declares a national emergency at the southern border. This frees up military assets for the border and helps justify his EO targeting birthright citizenship. He designates the border crisis as an invasion and shuts down all cross border migration in the south.
