12:16 AM - In addition to DEI related pages, the USAID have also taken down their web page about their anti-corruption efforts.

8:32 AM - Elon Musk was nominated for the Nobel Peace prize for his support of the human right to free speech.

8:33 AM - A3 year old, their mother, and their grandmother were detained by ICE while shopping in Milwaukee due to speaking Spanish. They were from the island of Puerto Rico and all US citizens.

9:20 AM - Speaker Mike Johnson [R-LA-4] comes out in support of Trump’s employee buyout plan.

9:39 AM - Rep. Jim Himes [D-CT-4] gives a vote of confidence to Trump’s appointees from Wall Street. “ think the economy is in... good hands.” Hines himself is a former investment banker turned politician.

9:47 AM - The Senate Judiciary Committee votes down party lines and approves the nomination of AG candidate Pam Bondi [R-FL] by one vote.

9:51 AM - Senate confirmation hearings begin for HHS Secretary nominee RFK jr.

10:23 AM - Alleged leaks of memos sent out to US intelligence agencies instruct them to suspend the observation of multiple holidays and months. Those are Holocaust Remembrance Day, MLK Day, Juneteenth, Women’s Equality Day, Black History Month, Women’s History Month, AAPI Heritage Month, Pride Month, National Hispanic Heritage Month, National Disability Employment Awareness Month, and National American Indian Heritage Month.

10:25 AM - When claiming to not be anti-vax nor anti-pharma when answering a question about his political positions, a protester interrupts proceedings by yelling “He lies” before being dragged out of the room.

10:33 AM - Trump admin says he will sign an executive order that would “combat antisemitism and pledge to deport non-citizen college students and other r aliens who took part in pro-Palestinian protest: Reuters.

10:41 AM - RFK jr. claims he did not cause the 2019 measles outbreak in Samoa. He then proceeded to outline a perfect timeline of how he caused the outbreak. He arrived in June of 2019 to advise the Samoans’ health policy, and then the outbreak started in August that year.

10:56 AM - When Sen. Bennet [D-CO] asked RFK jr. about his comments that Lyme Disease was developed by the military as a bioweapon, RFK jr. replied “I probably did say that.”

11:24 AM - RFK jr.’s cousin, Caroline Kennedy, urges on video for the Senate to reject his nomination. She calls him a “predator” that encouraged siblings to engage in substance abuse, and preying on the desperation of sick children and their families by pushing against vaccinations while vaccinating his own children.

11:44 AM- Rep. Ana Paulina Luna [R-FL-13] introduces legislation to add Donald Trump’s face to Mount Rushmore.

11:46 AM - The NWS uses the name “Gulf of America” for the first time in a meteorological report.

11:52 AM - CNN notes that Trump's former SecDef Mark Esper’s portrait has been removed at the Pentagon. Mark Esper fell out of favor with Trump in 2020.

11:57 AM - Mass immigration enforcement raids in Aurora, Colorado have been cancelled due to media leaks.

12:07 PM - NYT reporting that the Commissioners and General Counsel of the EEOC were fired overnight in a

purge.

12:23 PM - The DOJ moves to dismiss their appeal of Judge Aileen Cannon’s ruling in the Nauta and De Oliveira cases that Jack Smith’s appointment as special counsel was unconstitutional.

12:56 PM - The Trump admin issues a new memo on federal aid. The OMB freeze is rescinded while still stuck in litigation.

1:16 PM - USDA IG Phyllis Fong is removed from her office by security personnel after defying Trump’s order to fire her.

1:40 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt clarifies that the funding freeze will not be halted by the new memo. It just rescinded the OMB memo to avoid conflict with Judge AliKhan’s stay. The EO freezing funding is in “full force and effect, and will be rigorously implemented.”

1:55 PM - Another anti-trans EO is expected to be signed tonight by Donald Trump. It would direct the federal government to help state AGs imprison teachers for using a transgender kid’s preferred pronouns for “sexual exploitation” or “practicing medicine without a license.”

2:08 PM - The Federal Reserve holds interest rates at their current level.

2:43 PM - President Trump says he will sign an EO to instruct the DOD and DHS to prepare to build a facility at gitmo that can house 30,000 migrants.

2:45 PM - Donald Trump signs the Laken Riley Act into law. The law expands the ability of immigration enforcement agencies to begin the deportation process. It does so by allowing illegal immigrants arrested for, facing charges of, or convicted of “burglary, theft, larceny, or shoplifting” to be detained by immigration officers.

3:09 PM - Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell makes comments to the press. He says that he doesn’t need to have inflation hit 2% to lower interest rates, asset (stock) prices have been inflated by a myriad of factors, and that job growth has been slowing down due to slowed cross-border flow.

3:14 PM - WaPo reporting citing a Senate aide that Tulsi Gabbard [R-HI] doesn’t have the votes to advance her nomination for DNI out of the Senate Intelligence Committee.

3:35 PM - Fmr. Sen. Bob Menendez [D-NJ] is sentenced to 11 years in prison.

3:36 PM - Federal Judge McConnell grants a restraining order against the EO that ordered the freeze of federal funding. He cited Press Secretary Leavitt's comments as one reason the order was granted.

3:47 PM - Bloomberg reporting that the White House is preparing to legally challenge the Impoundment Control Act of 1974. The Impoundment Control Act makes it so the president cannot withhold funds appropriated and approved by Congress.

3:59 PM - NYT reporting that the DOJ is engaged in talks regarding dropping the charges against NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY].

4:18 PM - DHS Secretary Kristi Noem [R-SD] revokes temporary protected status for Venezuela. This exposes 600,000 people to the risk of deportation, including opponents of the Maduro regime under political persecution.

4:27 PM - Senate confirms Lee Zeldin [R-NY] as EPA Administrator 56-42.

5:19 PM - Facebook pays Trump $25m in a lawsuit it had by proxy won when an identical suit against Twitter was tossed. Trump argued his 1st amendment rights were being violated when he was deplatformed after J6.

5:32 PM - OPM issues a new memo to federal agencies instructing them to turn off email system options that ask for a user’s pronouns. They also order the disbandment or cancellation of any groups or programs that implicated or supported “gender ideology”.

6:12 PM - Tennessee passes a law criminalizing elected officials giving any sort of resistance, even criticism, of Trump’s immigration policies. It also mandates that lawful residents be provided a distinct driver's license from citizens.

7:05 PM - Rep. Nancy Pelosi [D-CA-11] endorses Ben Wikler [D-WI] for DNC chair.

7:22 PM - Donald Trump signs multiple executive orders.

“Expanding Educational Freedom and Opportunity for Families” opens up taxpayer dollars for parents to send their children to the private school of their choice. This would divert funding away from long-flagging public schools.

“Ending Radical Indoctrination in K-12 Schooling” cuts federal funding for K-12 schools that back “illegal and discriminatory treatment and indoctrination... including based on gender ideology and... equity ideology”. This also includes targeting educators that support transgender students as previously mentioned.

“Celebrating America’s 250th Birthday” establishes a task force to organize the 250th 4th of July in 2026. It also restored the EO “Protecting America’s Monuments from Vandalism”, which was enacted during the George Floyd protests.

“Expanding Migrant Operations Center at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to Full Capacity” orders the expansion of the Migrant Operations Center in gitmo. It also said the space should be used for “high-priority criminal aliens.”

“Additional Measures to Combat Antisemitism” directs the government to work with higher education institutions to monitor and report on “anti-Semi activities by student aliens, and if necessary, deport them.

8:35 PM - Gallup polling for Trump’s first week in office placed him with a net negative approval rating of -1, a record for their polling.

8:53 PM - American Airlines Flight 5342 collided with an Army Blackhawk helicopter in mid-air over the Potomac

River in DC. Reagan Airport is shut down. The passenger aircraft is reported to have held 60 passengers plus crew.

9:12 PM - WSJ reporting that Trump appointed 2 supervisors to run the FBI until Kash Patel could be confirmed. Those two men had a website error flip their respective roles in leadership. Instead of fixing the website error, the two men instead swapped positions.

10:20 PM - BNO reporting that at least 4 survivors have been rescued from the crash site on the Potomac River.

10:44 PM - The Blackhawk helicopter involved in the AA5342 disaster was carrying 3 soldiers at the time of collision. Though the Blackhawk was designated for VIP transport, there were no senior officials aboard.

10:51 PM - Trump issues a brief statement for the Flight 5342 disaster. “I have been fully briefed on the terrible accident which just took place at Reagan National Airport. May God Bless their souls. Thank you for the incredible work being done by our first responders. I am monitoring the situation and will provide more details as they arise.”

11:52 PM - Anew update from CBS indicates that 19 bodies have been pulled from the water, but not survivors.

