7:00 AM - Politico article interviews former Panamanian President Ernesto Perez Balladares. He contemplates future scenarios in response to American threats to seize the Panama Canal. One point he raised was that Panama could release the floodgates for South American refugees going north to America. On the subject of a potential invasion, he said “I think there will be many, many casualties on our side... and international condemnation of the U.S.” Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] arrives today.

8:13 AM - Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE, Palestinian Authority, and Arab League issue a joint statement. They reject Trump’s proposal for Jordan and Egypt to take on the Gaza Palestinians, expressing their “continued full support for the resilience of the Palestinian people on their land.”

9:00 AM - White House issues a statement from Donald Trump honoring Black History Month. This is in spite of the fact that certain agencies and departments have orders to not observe the month.

10:10 AM - Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Rohit Choora is fired. She was a holdover from the Biden administration.

10:24 AM - Reuters reporting that Trump envoy to Ukraine and Russia wants Ukraine to hold elections if a ceasefire can be reached in the coming months.

11:52 AM - Donald Trump is golfing at his Palm Beach golf course. His announcement of tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China will likely be pushed back.

12:18 PM - Trump announces in a Truth Social post that military airstrikes in Somalia killed a senior ISIS member and other militants. He also took the time to attack the Biden administration for not acting “quickly enough to get the job done.”

12:36 PM - National Association of Home Builders issued a letter to Donald Trump. They urge Trump to reconsider his tariff plans as 1/4th of home construction materials are sourced from Mexico and Canada. Supply chain disruptions will delay home construction and increase prices.

12:58 PM - Ken Martin [D-MN], Minnesota Democratic Party Chairman, is elected on the first ballot with 246/428 delegates to become DNC Chairman.

1:15 PM - 26 undocumented Chinese immigrants were apprehended by Florida LEOs. They were being transported by Cuban and Puerto Rican smugglers. This comes as the Florida Legislature passed the TRUMP Act, allowing illegals convicted of capital offenses to be charged with the death penalty.

1:31 PM - Bloomberg reports that Canada plans to implement reciprocal tariffs against the US, targeting goods that have readily available alternatives in Canada to minimize the local impact.

1:57 PM - Canada was notified by the US they’d be subject to 25% universal tariffs with the exception of energy being subject to 10% tariffs. Tariffs will take effect February 4 and not stop until “the fentanyl issue is resolved.” PM Trudeau will reply at 6 PM.

2:18 PM - Pete Buttigieg [D-IN] rules out running for Michigan Governor, will instead focus on a potential run for Senate.

2:59 PM - Israeli PM Netanyahu wants to meet with Trump to gauge his opinion on a second phase of the Gaza ceasefire. “Real discussion... of the deal will only begin after Bibi talks with Trump.”

3:11 PM - USAID’s website goes offline ahead of reported plans for the agency to be folded into the State Department.

3:17 PM - PEPFAR, the HIV drug distribution program frozen by the Trump admin, is granted a waiver to continue critical operations following a push by organizations across the political spectrum.

3:37 PM - Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent grants Elon Musk/DOGE access to Treasury Department payment systems.

4:50 PM - CBC reporting that the US government notified Canada that if they responded to the American tariffs, the US will escalate tariffs.

4:57 PM - White House officially published tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China. "A 25% additional tariff on imports from Canada and Mexico and a 10% additional tariff on imports from China. Energy resources from Canada will have a lower 10% tariff."

5:03 PM - Donald Trump officially signs the tariffs into effect with executive orders. The EOs also have a clause indicating that tariffs will increase if the respective governments retaliate.

5:10 PM - Trump’s executive orders on trade also eliminate the de minimis exemption for small imports. This was being exploited by Chinese companies to import small items without paying tariffs. This will unfortunately affect small businesses trying to import small items as well.

5:10 PM - US Army identifies the identity of the third soldier in the UH-60 Blackhawk involved in the AA5342 disaster. Aviation officer Captain Rebecca Lobach.

5:56 PM - Premier of Ontario Doug Ford proposes the potential limiting or taxing of nickel, other metals, and energy exports to the United States.

6:15 PM - Internal US Border Patrol memos indicate a potential threat of Mexican cartels using drones to target agents on the border. This threat comes specifically in the Rio Grande Valley (RGV) area, where the CDN, Grupo Escorpion, and Metros control territory.

6:33 PM - US Chamber of Commerce comes out against the trade war. “The imposition of tariffs under IEEPA is unprecedented... and will only raise prices for American families and upend supply chains.”

6:42 PM - The president of a trade group that oversees Canadian Honda and Toyota says that automakers on both sides of the Canadian-American border will quickly shut down because of how interconnected the industry is.

6:44 PM - Canadian government clarifies that PM Justin Trudeau will issue a response to Trump’s tariffs at 8:30 PM. Current reporting indicates he will talk with Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum first.

7:20 PM - Ottawa Senators fans boo the American anthem when it was played during the pregame ceremony at the Minnesota Wild @ Ottawa Senators game.

7:25 PM - Mexican cabinet members meet with Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum at the National Palace.

7:38 PM - DOEd employees that attended diversity training are now getting placed on administrative leave. Up to 100 employees that attended the diversity training now face termination.

7:47 PM - British Columbia Premier David Eby orders an embargo of American liquor purchases from red states. The extant inventory will be taken off the shelves.

7:59 PM - Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy [R-WI] announces that the DOT will no longer observe celebrations of “immutable traits or any other identity-based observances.”

8:07 PM - Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum announces reciprocal tariffs and non-tariff measures against the United States. What those entail are currently unknown.

8:16 PM - Canadian PM Justin Trudeau’s response to American tariffs is delayed to around 9 PM.

9:12 PM - Canadian PM Justin Trudeau begins his address in response to American tariffs. 25% tariffs on $155b of American goods. $30b immediately on Tuesday, and $125b over the next 21 days. Appliances, furniture, and equipment will be affected. Non tariff measures including energy and mineral procurement have been considered by provincial Premiers. He also calls for Canadians to boycott American goods.

9:40 PM - Nova Scotia will also embargo American liquor, in addition to doubling travel fees for American commercial vehicles.

10:14 PM - China vows to respond with their own measures against the tariffs.

10:30 PM - David Hogg [D-FL] earns one of 3 vice chair positions at the DNC. The first Gen Z to ever hold the office.

11:16 PM - China will file a WTO claim, claiming that American tariffs are a violation of WTO rules and disruptive to US-China trade relations. 