1:10 AM - Federal Judge Kenneth Gonzales issued a temporary restraining order to prevent the Trump admin from sending Venezuelan migrants to Guantanamo Bay.

6:00 AM - WaPo reporting that farmers are missing millions of dollars combined in aid from the USDA, despite promises that the federal funding freeze would not affect programs directly affecting individuals.

9:05 AM - Donald Trump says that there would be no right of return for the Palestinians under his Gaza plan.

9:16 AM - Donald Trump orders the dismissal of the Board of Visitors for the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guards. Trump claims the Service Academies were “infiltrated by Woke Leftist Ideologues over the last four years.” The Board of Visitors for each service branch provides the President advice and recommendations relating to the country’s military academies.

9:25 AM - Project 2025 co-author, OMB Director, and Acting CFPB Director Russ Vought orders all CFPB employees to cease working. The leaked email read, “Please do not perform any work tasks”, per CNN.

9:49 AM - Rep. Riley Moore [R-WV-2] says that the House GOP is looking at targeting mandatory spending to offset tax cuts, which would necessitate cuts to Social Security and Medicare.

11:02 AM - National Economic Council (NEC) Director Kevin Hassett was asked on CNBC if Trump was seriously considering annexing Canada. "When the US was founded, how many states did we have? And how many do we have now? And so, is it outlandish?"

11:07 AM - US Military continues enhanced surveillance activities around Northern Mexico. This includes at least 18 reconnaissance flights since the start of the second Trump administration. Usual activity is 1 flight per month.

11:21 AM - Per Politico, Former Special Counsel Hampton Dellinger sues the Trump administration arguing that his firing was illegal. Dellinger was appointed to head the Office of Special Counsel, which enforces federal whistleblower laws and the Hatch Act.

11:54 AM - SecDef Pete Hegseth issues a new memo preventing the accession of transgender military recruits and pausing all gender-affirming care. The memo says that all transgender service members “will be treated with dignity and respect,” and leaves decisions about their continued service and fitness to the Undersecretary for Personnel and Fitness.

11:56 AM - Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer [D-NY] tells his caucus he wants to avoid a budget fight and government shutdown. He wants the Democrats to counter Trump via 4 strategies: investigations, litigation, legislation, and party messaging. “Senate Democrats will use our votes to help steady the ship for the American people in these turbulent times. It is incumbent on responsible Republicans to get serious and work in a bipartisan fashion to avoid a Trump Shutdown.”

12:09 PM - The White House will reverse Biden’s reforms on overdraft fees and blocking of medical debt from. being listed on credit reports.

12:14 PM - House GOP current plan for budget reconciliation calls for $2-2.5t in cuts. The cuts, which would necessitate cuts to senior welfare programs, is causing friction in the party.

12:27 PM - DOGE operatives Luke Farritor and Gavin Kilger are reclassified “read-only” CFPB system users to domain administrators. This grants them the power to provide or revoke access to CFPB systems. 12:30 PM - Federal Judge John McConnell determines that the Trump admin is still blocking federal funding in defiance of his court order. He is ordering the funds be immediately unfrozen, including for the NIH and the IRA.

12:48 PM - Senate GOP are not planning to touch Medicaid in their reconciliation bill. They will try to fund the proposed border and national security funding with energy leases.

12:53 PM - NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] gathered top NYC officials to order them to not criticize Trump or interfere with immigration enforcement.

1:07 PM - CNBC reports that Trump will sign an executive order to pause the enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which bans US companies and foreign firms from bribing foreign officials. He will direct AG Pam Bondi [R-FL] to prepare new guidelines for the enforcement of the law.

1:21 PM - Rep. Gerry Connolly [D-VA-11] on MSNBC says that the House GOP sank his motion to subpoena Elon Musk in the House Oversight Committee. "My motion to subpoena him, I thought, would have some broader support on the Republican side. It had none.”

1:25 PM - DOGE operative Edward Coristine is now listed as the Senior Advisor for the Bureau of Diplomatic Technology. The bureau is a critical hub for sensitive and nonsensitive State Department data.

1:30 PM - Axios reporting that Donald Trump is expected to pardon Fmr. Gov. Rod Blagojevich [D-IL]. Blagojevich served 8 years in prison for trying to sell Obama’s Senate seat after the 2008 election, until Trump commuted his sentence in 2020.

2:02 PM - Sen. Susan Collins [R-ME] denounces the NIH funding cuts as “arbitrary” and “poorly conceived”, saying that RFK jr, has promised to review the initiative if confirmed as HHS Secretary.

2:12 PM - HHS Secretary nominee RFK jr. is considering ending subsidies for high-fructose corn syrup.

2:45 PM - Per Ars Technica, after Trump cancelled the National Nature Assessment, the researchers in charge of the project retained control of the report and are still working to publish the report. The National Nature Assessment was a nationwide report on how nature loss affected climate change and humanity, providing comprehensive recommendations to address climate change and environmental issues, and was built from extensive community feedback.

2:48 PM - Steve Benyon reports that the US Military is dropping efforts to recruit Black STEM professionals at the Black Engineer of the Year Awards (BEYA), citing concerns that recruiting at predominantly black events would run afoul of Trump’s anti-DEI efforts. Instead, the DOD will recruit at an NRA event.

3:01 PM - Federal Judge George O'Toole extends his TRO keeping the deferred resignation option open for federal employees. He has yet to make a final ruling on the issue.

3:05 PM - Trump admin is looking to deputize IRS agents for immigration enforcement with ICE. DHS Secretary Kristi Noem [R-SD] requested the agents in a letter to Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent.

3:20 PM - The USAID has been stripped of the lease to their HQ building.

3:25 PM - USAID employees claim that the Trump admin is not respecting the court injunction to reinstate fired USAID workers and pause new firings. In fact, more USAID employees have been cut beyond the 2,200 initial. 3:53 PM - In an interview with Brett Baier, Donald Trump said he did not view JD Vance as his successor in 2028.

3:54 PM - USAID's Office of Inspector General is still functional, and released a report that $489m of food aid was put at risk due to the foreign aid freeze and dismantling of the agency. They also found that their counter-terrorism vetting unit was told not to report to work, and so USAID partners are no longer being vetted.

id hasn’ J Lunder S f State M Rubio's [R-FL] waiver because 90% of the staff

ible fi Lov ee I

placed on leave.

4:09 PM - Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu asks the US for a waiver for Israeli chip exports to the US.

4:14 PM - Elon Musk says that the Federal Reserve may face a DOGE audit. Musk claims that the central bank is “absurdly overstaffed.”

4:15 PM - FAA undoes the 2021 name change of NOTAMs. NOTAMs will not be known as “Notice to Air Missions”, but as “Notice to Airmen.”

4:15 PM - Trump administration appeals Judge John McConnell’s blocking of the federal funding freeze and his discovery that the administration was violating the order. They request a ruling by 10:00 AM tomorrow morning.

4:22 PM - Trump fires Director of the Office of Government Ethics David Huitema. Huitema was confirmed in December 50-46 to serve a 5 year term. Trump frequently clashed with the office (for obvious reasons).

4:25 PM - Protests continue outside of the CFPB HQ in Washington, DC. Protestors chant “F*ck you Elon.”

4:37 PM - Elon Musk and a group of investors offered OpenAl a $97.4b deal to purchase the company. The offer was unsolicited by Sam Altman. Altman rejected the offer and instead offered to buy Twitter for the same amount.

4:56 PM - Uganda asks health workers to work as volunteers after the US froze foreign aid from the USAID and CDC.

4:57 PM - FBI discovers 2,400 records tied to the JFK assassination that were never provided to the review board meant to review and disclose the documents. The discovery was made in line with Trump’s executive order to disclose all assassination records.

5:00 PM - Google Calendar update removes Pride Month and the start of Black History Month from their calendars.

5:01 PM - Sen. Susan Collins [R-ME] says she will vote for RFK jr.’s confirmation as HHS Secretary. RFK jr. promised to take a look at the NIH cuts, reassuring Collins.

5:07 PM - President Pro Tempore Chuck Grassley [R-IA] is not concerned with the Trump administration’s actions. “I'm a member of the legislative branch, and I'll let the executive branch speak for themselves. But we got a system of checks and balances, and that's what I see working.”

5:09 PM - Donald Trump appoints Ric Grenell as Interim Executive Director of the Kennedy Center. Grenell is currently Special Presidential Envoy for Special Missions. 5:19 PM - Australian PM Anthony Albanese says that the Trump administration is considering tariff exemptions for Australia after a productive phone call with Donald Trump. Just an hour later, Trump said that tariffs on aluminum and steel would be “without exceptions or

exemptions.”

5:23 PM - Federal Judge Angel Kelly blocks the Trump administration’s changes to NIH funding grants.

5:38 PM - Google Maps now shows the Gulf of Mexico as the Gulf of America for American users.

5:57 PM - Donald Trump demands that all Hamas-held hostages be released by Saturday or else “all hell is going to break loose.” Trump will unilaterally end the ceasefire if the demand isn’t met. The ceasefire and hostage deal has hit snags due to ceasefire violations and the delay and sorry conditions of released hostages.

6:14 PM - When asked what the Democrats would do if Trump just ignored the courts, Sen. Amy Klobuchar [D-MN] said “I still believe the courts have power...1 will not concede that what the courts say doesn't matter. I think it does matter.”

6:17 PM - Trump signs an executive order to encourage the government and American consumers to buy plastic straws. “We're going back to plastic straws.”

6:33 PM - Senate votes 52-46 to invoke cloture on DNI nominee Tulsi Gabbard’s [R-HI] nomination.

6:34 PM - Trump imposes a 25% tariff on all steel and aluminum imports as promised. The tariffs will come into effect on March 4, which is the date also set for the Mexican and Canadian tariffs to enter into effect after being delayed.

6:44 PM - DOJ drops all charges against NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY].

6:54 PM - 17 election security employees from the US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) have been fired in recent days. CISA was formed in 2018 to protect the nation’s tech infrastructure, but became a villain for the GOP when it fought back against conspiracies during the 2020 election.

z:10 PM - DOGE operatives entered the Defense Intel Agency over the weekend. They demanded a full list of personnel that they think worked on DEI initiatives to send to the OPM. This included people undercover or embedded.

2:50 PM - SecDef Pete Hegseth issues a memo to rename Fort Liberty in North Carolina to Fort Roland L. Bragg, a WW? war hero that earned the Silver Star and Purple Heart. The fort's original name was Fort Braxton Bragg, named after a Confederate General.

7:59 PM - Rumors from Josh Marshall claim that DOGE operatives in the Department of Education shut down the department's in-house research arm. The Institute of Educational Sciences cancelled contracts worth $900m.

8:38 PM - Special Counsel Hampton Dellinger is temporarily reinstated by court order through Thursday night as the court hears arguments.

9:35 PM - American Bar Association issues a statement opposing the Trump administration's defiance of the rule of law. They highlight the withholding of funds and dismantling of agencies appropriated by Congress, the firing of bureaucrats in non-political neutral positions, and ignoring of judicial law as grievances.