12:00 AM - Chinese Salt Typhoon hackers continue to breach telecom systems globally. 5 telecom providers were affected from December 2024 to January 2025, including 2 in the US, via unpatched Cisco devices. Officials tasked with investigating Salt Typhoon were fired last month at the start of the second Trump administration.

6:26 AM - Financial Times reports that European officials are struggling to contact American officials about the peace negotiations for the Russo-Ukrainian War.

7:30 AM - NYT reporting that the State Department has drawn up a list of cartels to be labeled as FTOs. Those will be: Tren de Aragua, Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13), Clan del Golfo, Cartel de Sinaloa (CDS), Cartel de Jalisco Nueva Generacién (CJNG), Cartel del Noreste (CDN), La Familia Michoacana, and the Carteles Unidos.

8:07 AM - Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says Ukraine will not accept any peace deal that did not involve them in the negotiations.

8:33 AM - Internal memos obtained by CBS show that Guantanamo Bay is being used to hold low risk migrants that lack serious criminal charges. The Trump administration said the base would only be used to hold migrants with serious charges. 110 migrants are currently being held at Guantanamo Bay.

8:38 AM - DOJ sends a letter to the House Judiciary Committee justifying the firing of independent agency officials in the NLRB and EEOC. “The Dept has concluded that those tenure protections are unconstitutional.” Humphrey's Executor v. United States (1935) protects members of independent agencies from removal outside of reasons specified by Congress.

8:45 AM - Trump administration begins purging Biden-appointed US Attorneys, it’s unclear how many have been affected. It will pave the way for Trump-appointed US Attorneys to dominate the legal scene.

8:49 AM - Trump announces on Truth Social he will host a news conference in the Oval Office at 1 PM to announce reciprocal tariffs on all tariffs placed on American exports.

10:12 AM - Acting CFPB Director, OMB Director, and Project 2025 co-author Russ Vought sets up a tip line at the CFPB for people to report the CFPB for conducting ongoing regulatory actions. “The CFPB has been a woke and weaponized agency against disfavored industries and individuals for a long time... this must end.”

10:43 AM - DOGE operative assigned to the Department of Education says that they haven’t accessed student borrower tax info during court proceedings. They did say that they might do so for “conducting analyses to estimate costs related to student loan repayment plans, awards, or debt discharges.”

10:56 AM - While speaking at the NATO summit at Brussels, Hegseth says that the US should not prioritize national values when dealing with foreign policy. “We can talk all we want about values. Values are important. But you can't shoot values.”

11:07 AM - Sen. Tina Smith [D-MN] announces she will not run for reelection in 2026. THis potentially opens up a place for former VP candidate Gov. Tim Walz [D-MN] to fill the position.

11:30 AM – RFK Jr. is confirmed as HHS Secretary 52-48 in the Senate. Sen. Mitch McConnell [R-KY] is again the only defector against his party.

11:51 AM - The UN is forced to lay off thousands of employees following the US foreign aid freeze. 2,000 people from the International Organization for Migration and 600 UNHCR staff were affected.

11:57AM - CPAC Chairman Matt Schlapp alleged engaged in lewd conduct and sexual harassment of men in a Virginia bar, per Yashar Ali.

12:05 PM - Brooke Rollins is confirmed 72-28 in the Senate as Secretary of Agriculture.

1:39 PM - During the phone call yesterday between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Donald Trump, Zelensky told Trump that Russian President Vladimir Putin only wants a deal because he is afraid of Trump. Trump replied that he could be right, and that “We will know soon”. He also said he understood that Ukraine needed security guarantees in the peace deal, and that a European peacekeeping force might be a possible option.

1:54 PM - Donald Trump signs a memorandum placing reciprocal tariffs for every tariff placed on American exports. He also said that value-added taxes (VATs) would be considered a tariff, and the reciprocal tariffs would factor in subsidies and trade barriers established by foreign nations. He also said that tariffs on cars might be on the table as well. These tariffs will be implemented after Commerce Secretary nominee Howard Lutnick is confirmed and finishes studies to determine appropriate reciprocal tariff levels, somewhere around April 1.

2:01 PM - DOGE operators are now at the IRS, according to Sen. Ron Wyden [D-OR].

2:21 PM - Danielle Sassoon, US Attorney for Manhattan, resigns from the DOJ after being asked to drop corruption charges on Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY]. Her leaked resignation letter accuses the DOJ of going behind her back to illegally negotiate an illegal deal to drop the charges. She was a Trump appointed attorney who clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia, and member of the Federalist society.

2:23 PM - SecDef Pete Hegseth calls Poland a “model ally” twice while in Europe, once in Germany and another in Brussels (actually a good take).

2:37 PM - Teslatakedown.org, is planning a nationwide protest on February 15 at Tesla plants and showrooms to protest Elon Musk’s role in the Trump administration.

2:47 PM - Trump says that prices could “go up somewhat short term” when asked how his trade policy would affect prices.

2:51 PM - Donald Trump on Canada’s trade with the US and their military: “Canada has been very bad to us on trade, but now Canada is gonna have to start paying up ... they think we're gonna protect them, with our military, which is unfair. Canada is gonna be a very interesting situation because we just don't need their product ... Canada is gonna be a very serious contender to be our 5ist state.”

2:57 PM - After being told that they would be handling the Eric Adams [D-NY] case, Acting Head of the DOJ’s Public Integrity Section John Keller, and his boss Kevin Driscoll, resigned.

3:00 PM - Trump blames Biden for starting the Russian Invasion of Ukraine because he said that Ukraine could join NATO.

3:07 PM - Trump accuses Taiwan of stealing the microchip industry from the US. “We had Intel. Had these great companies that did so well. It was taken from us. And we want that business back. If they don't bring it back we're not going to be very happy.” (Note: the US lost the microchip race because they didn’t invest enough)

3:05 PM - All OPM employees on probation were fired in amass phone call. Chuck Ezell, the Acting OPM Director, told employees to “use this as an opportunity for your next step forward”. On-site employees were given less than an hour to vacate offices.

3:06 PM - German Chancellor Olaf Scholz urges the German Bundestag to declare a state of emergency, citing “the events of the last 24 hours and statements from the U.S. government” regarding Ukraine.

3:10 PM - DOGE operatives consider replacing financial aid consultants at the Department of Education with an AI chatbot.

3:12 PM - Federal Judge Leo Sorokin issues a nationwide block of Trump's birthright citizenship executive order, the fourth judge to do so.

3:16 PM - When asked if he would direct agencies to research the impact of tariffs on prices in the US, Trump said he wouldn't because “There's nothing to study. It's gonna go well.”

3:24 PM - Donald Trump said he wants to hold joint talks with Russia and China about cutting military spending, potentially up to half, alongside talks of denuclearization. He also said he wants Russia to rejoin the G7 after being expelled following the start of the Invasion of Ukraine. Canada hosts the next G7 conference.

3:25 PM - Donald Trump starts attacking Sen. Mitch McConnell [R-KY] for voting against his nominees. Calling him a “bitter guy” lashing out against Trump, and sowing doubt on if he ever had polio. He also said that McConnell was not mentally equipped, and hasn’t been for at least 10 years.

3:50 PM - Federal judge in Baltimore blocks Trump's executive order targeting gender-affirming care for transgender youth up to 18 years old.

4:53 PM - Indian PM Narendra Modi meets Donald Trump at the White House. Trump says that the US and India will negotiate a trade deal.

4:55 PM - SecDef Pete Hegseth invited far-right activist Jack Posobiec on his overseas trip to Europe. US defense officials were alarmed by the idea of dragging the military into partisan warfare.

4:56 PM - A breakdown of the “Make America Healthy Again” EO by Crémieux Recueil on Twitter. The executive order directs the NIH and other federally funded health research institutions to focus on causal research, and for health insurance options to provide support to beneficial lifestyle changes and disease prevention. It also establishes the “President's Make America Health Again Commission” chaired by the HHS Secretary, alongside multiple important positions such as Agriculture Secretary, HUD Secretary, VA Secretary, EPA administrator, and OMB director. The commission will establish facts about chronic disease in children, then to relay those to the President. “it will be looking at the impacts of chemicals and food additives, medications like Adderall and SSRIs, education and lifestyle programs, and, most importantly, the quality of the data used to monitor population health issues.”

5:03 PM - Politico: Trump administration begins mass layoffs for multiple agencies targeting probationary employees. Those would include at least 77,000 federal employees that accepted the deferred resignation option. The Department of Education, OPM, SBA, CFPB, and GSA are all initiating layoffs. The Department of Energy plans to lay off 2,000 employees on probation. It would affect around 200,000 federal employees hired in the bast 2 vears.

5:27 PM - NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] says he would sign an executive order to allow immigration enforcement officers into the Rikers Jail Complex.

5:35 PM - Trump administration orders Oak Ridge National Lab to stop work orders on all contracts stemming from the funding of the Infrastructure Act and Inflation Reduction Act.

5:37 PM - National Park Service removes all mention of transgenders from their Stonewall National Monument.

5:51 PM - Louisiana’s Department of Health tells state health workers to end mass vaccination clinics and bans employees from promoting seasonal vaccinations.

6:01 PM - Three more DOJ Public Integrity Unit officials have resigned after meeting with Acting Deputy AG Emil Bove re: Eric Adams [D-NY]. That marks 6 DOJ resignations, 5 in the PIU alone, triple the number that resigned during the Saturday Night Massacre. A 4th PIU official cannot resign because she’s currently giving birth.

6:20 PM - Trump says that the US will increase military sales to India, including F-35 stealth fighters.

6:29 PM - The foreign aid freeze also froze the State Department's International Narcotics and Law (NIL) program in Mexico. The NIL was a program designed to target the fentanyl supply chain in the country.

6:34 PM - Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez [D-NY-14] calls for the removal of NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] if he doesn’t resign. “As long as Trump wields this leverage over Adams, the city is endangered. We cannot be governed under coercion.” Lt. Gov. Antonio Delgado [D-NY] also calls for Adams’ resignation.

7:14 PM - Panama receives the first deportation flight from the US composed of 119 non-Panamanian deportees. Panamanian President Raul Mulino says that it was the first of 360 such people, and that they'll be sheltered in the Darien region until a final flight to their home countries.

7:24 PM - Apple is set to allow TikTok to return to the app store tonight, following reassurances from AG Pam Bondi [R-FL] and Donald Trump.

7:38 PM - DOD ends paid days off on 4-day weekends, and floats a change to the retirement system so that veterans cannot get both disability and retirement benefits.

8:25 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio’s [R-FL] plane experiences a depressurization event due to a cracked window while en route to Munich, forcing the plane to turn back around for Rubio to take a new flight.

8:35 PM - The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is dropping programs with a hint of LGBTQ themes and removing them from the website, per WaPo.

9:32 PM - Gov. Kathy Hochul [D-NY] does not rule out using her gubernatorial powers to remove NYC Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] from his position.

9:54 PM - Federal Judge Amir Ali blocks the Trump administration from cancelling foreign aid contracts and awards that were in place prior to the inauguration on January 20. Ali said that the blanket suspension of contracts did not consider the damage it would do to the hundreds of businesses and organizations reliant on that aid.