5:06 AM - JD Vance and Canadian PM Justin Trudeau spoke at an AI conference in France about the impact of steel tariffs on Ohio.

5:10 AM - Elon Musk publishes the personal information of Judge John McConnell’s daughter on his social media account in retaliation for his rulings against DOGE and the Trump administration.

6:56 AM - US foreign aid freeze causes its first deaths. A 71 year old Myanma refugee in Thailand died after her oxygen supply from the USAID funded hospital was cut off. Dozens of aid stations and hospitals in and around Myanmar have shut down due to the dismantling of the USAID.

6:57 AM - Trump Truth Social post instructs EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin [R-NY] to revert to home appliance standards established under the first Trump administration as opposed to the ones set under Joe Biden.

7:19 AM - The NIH is still freezing funding in defiance of two court orders, something confirmed by an NIH official.

7:31 AM - Pope Francis issues a letter to US Bishops to decry the mass deportation program. He rejects “any measure that tacitly or explicitly identifies the illegal status of some migrants with criminality." The letter also addresses JD Vance by name.

9:45 AM - Ina memo, FEMA admits that there isn’t enough office space to accommodate workers returning to the office due to the work-from-home ban. A suggestion they have to returning employees is to flip a coin to decide who gets the space.

9:48 AM - Following increasing threats from the Heritage Foundation, Elon Musk, and the Trump administration, Wikipedia is rolling out anonymity features for their editors to protect their identities and information.

9:49 AM - SEC proposes freezing their litigation against Binance, a case alleging major fraud and violations of US securities laws. Earlier reporting indicated that the SEC would not freeze litigation involving fraud.

10:29 AM - Trump threatens to put a 50-100% tariff on Canadian cars and car parts during a FOX News interview. He claims that Canada “stole” the car industry from the United States.

10:46 AM - The DHS fires 4 officials for “circumventing leadership to unilaterally make egregious payments.” This includes FEMA's Chief Finance Officer for leasing luxury hotels for migrants.

11:19 AM - SecDef Pete Hegseth says that the US will not deploy troops to Ukraine. Meanwhile, they're asking European allies to spend more on defense when meetings with allies start this week.

11:25 AM - European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen labels JD Vance as an ally after meeting him at an AI Summit in France. They discussed overproduction of steel from China depressing steel prices. This comes after von der Leyen vowed to respond to US tariffs on steel and aluminum.

11:26 AM - Steve Bannon pleads guilty in a New York state court for defrauding donors in his “We Build the Wall” scam. The charges are not pardonable by Trump because presidential pardons only cover federal charges.

11:40 AM - Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez [D-NY-14] and Ilhan Omar [D-MN-5] think that the Democrats should not bail out the GOP on the March 14 shutdown deadline without massive concessions.

11:59 AM - DOGE operative Edward Coristine launched a secure private image sharing website allowing custom URL creation. The site was used by customers to create urls relating to CP, racial slurs, and rape.

12:24 PM - Federal Judge John Bates orders the CDC, NHS, and FDA to restore their websites and datasets to pre-January 30 conditions after certain pages were deleted or shut down.

12:43 PM - During a meeting with Jordanian King Abdullah II, Trump said “We're going to take it, we're going to hold it, we're going to cherish it.” In reference to the Gaza Strip. He also reiterated his plan to have Jordan take Gaza Palestinians.

12:49 PM - Stacey Street, director of FEMA’s Office of Grant Administration, orders multiple grant programs to be frozen, even after 2 federal court rulings have ordered the freeze to stop.

12:56 PM - Civil Rights leader Al Sharpton convenes elected officials in New York City to decide further actions relating to Mayor Eric Adams [D-NY] after his charges were dropped by the DOJ. “Because we have clearly crossed the Rubicon.”

1:00 PM - Rep. Anna Paulina Luna [R-FL-13] is appointed by the House Oversight Committee to lead a task force on the declassification of the JFK assassination files.

1:15 PM - Trump deflects when asked if his Gaza plan is ethnic cleansing. “We're moving them to a beautiful location where they have new homes, where they can live safely, where they will have doctors and medical and all of those things.”

1:21 PM - Special Envoy Steve Witkoff leaves Russia with Marc Fogel, an American teacher that was serving a 14 year sentence in Russia. It was part of a prisoner swap with an unknown asset.

1:36 PM - Cornell University alongside 11 other universities join a lawsuit with the Association of American Universities, Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, and American Council on Education. They're suing the Trump administration for changing the indirect cost rule changes by the NIH.

1:52 PM - Rep. Melanie Stansbury [D-NM-1] says that DOGE is dismantling federal education programs by canceling grants and contracts from within the Department of Education. “The Department of Education is going to potentially be dissolved in the coming days.”

1:54 PM - Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order implementing DOGE’s “workforce optimization initiative”. It would mandate steep limits to the size of the federal workforce and direct agencies to cooperate with DOGE to cut staff and limit hiring.

2:11 PM - Mexican Senate approves the deployment of 10 US Army personnel into Mexico to train their navy’s special forces (SEMAR).

2:11 PM - Trans military veteran that committed suicide outside the VA in Syracuse has been identified as Elisa Rae Shupe. She was responsible for the mass email leak that detailed plans to eliminate transgenders from military and public life.

2:24 PM - Border Czar Tom Homan says that he’s looking for $175b over 4 years in the next spending bill. Sen. Lindsay Graham [R-SC] says “We're not building a wall, we are hitting the wall. We need the money and we need it now.”

2:38 PM - Senate Majority Leader John Thune [R-SD] dismisses a question asking if the Trump administration should comply with the federal court rulings. “Well, I think what you're seeing right now is the natural give and take between branches of the government.”

2:38 PM - Jordanian King Abdullah II issued a statement after his meeting with Donald Trump in Arabic. He said he reaffirmed the Arab world’s stance opposing the removal of Palestinians from Gaza and the West Bank. He also restated his support for the two state solution.

3:08 PM - CBS/YouGov poll of Democrats says that 65% want their leaders to oppose Trump as much as possible, compared to 46% in January. 48% of respondents report that they have no confidence in Congressional Dems to oppose Trump effectively.

4:14 PM - When asked if he would abide by court orders, Donald Trump said “I'll always abide by the courts, but I'll appeal it. But appeals take a long time and I hope if you show a judge a corrupt check, I hope a judge would say give it back to the taxpayers.”

4:20 PM - The White House informed AP that if they did not align their reporting with the government's position on the “Gulf of America”, AP would be barred from accessing an Oval Office event.

5:06 PM - Trump clarifies his tariff plans. 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico would come into effect on March 4 as planned, followed by the 25% on steel and aluminum stacked on top on March 12.

5:12 PM - First Federal Circuit Court of Appeals denies the Trump administration’s appeal to unlift the block on the federal funding freeze.

5:13 PM - With Elon Musk at his side, Trump signed an executive order to implement DOGE’s “workforce optimization initiative”, as previously reported. “...the people voted for major government reform, and that's what people are going to get. They're going to get what they voted for.” Musk also took time to address concerns about DOGE accountability, saying that DOGE is in contact with the agency heads (Trump appointed or purposefully unfilled) and posts updates to their Twitter handle and website. For context, the website is only one page that has the department's logo, name, and motto.

5:13 PM - A new lawsuit is filed against Musk, DOGE, and the OPM. They allege DOGE’s access to their data is a violation of their privacy.

5:56 PM - Students at Patch Middle School in Stuttgart, Germany, walked out in protest of SecDef Pete Hegseth’s visit. The school is run by the US military for the children of US military personnel. Parents also gathered in earshot of Hegseth’s delegation and protested by chanting “DEI”.

6:35 PM - USAID's Inspector General Paul Martin was fired today after issuing a report on the impact of USAID’s dismantling by the Trump administration.

6:45 PM - A former aide to Labor Secretary nominee Lori Chavez-DeRemer [R-OR] broke into a locked room at the Cannon House Office Building at 4 PM today, per US Capitol Police. USCP is looking for the suspect.

6:48 PM - Justice Sonia Sotomayor on the Trump administration defying court orders: "Court decisions stand whether one particular person chooses to abide by them or not. It doesn't change the foundation that it's still a court order that someone will respect at some point."

7:19 PM - After a late night floor speech on Monday night detailing her sexual abuse by 4 men, including her ex-fiance, Rep. Nancy Mace [R-SC-1] said she set up a hotline for sexual assault victims in her state. The hotline itself is a voicemail box that no one answers and leading advocates in South Carolina advise not to call. The investigation by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) into her claims is ongoing.

7:57 PM - Treasury Department is investigating how DOGE operative Marko Elez was “mistakenly” given access to modify their database and systems, the investigation is ongoing.

7:58 PM - A breakdown of the workforce optimization initiative EO by Crémieux Recueil on Twitter. The OMB will put together a plan to make the federal workforce smaller and more efficient, with a mandated attrition rate of 1 hire for every 4 departures, with exceptions. DOGE Team Leads will approve every new hire and file a monthly report on the happenings of their assigned agency. Federal employees not performing necessary or legally mandated jobs are likely to be fired. Additional standards for the excepted service will be added, such as needing to follow legal obligations such as filing taxes, being a citizen, and certified NDA compliance. Agencies are also ordered to develop a comprehensive reorganization plan to identify offices not legally mandated, and offices that can be consolidated.

9:10 PM - CFPB employees on probation and with less than 1 year of experience are all terminated. They’re so hastily done that they only read "I am removing you from your position of (job)... effective (date)".

9:13 PM - Adam Boehler, US Envoy for Hostages, says that another American hostage will be released tomorrow. Who or where the hostage is coming from is not yet known.