9:00 AM - Per WaPo, a team of DOGE operatives have been developing plans to systematically eliminate DEI from the federal government. However, they will also target people in non-DEI roles that they deem to be DEI related, including firing people in offices relating to protecting employee civil rights and investigating employee discrimination.

10:35 AM - Per WaPo reporter Jeff Stein, mass layoffs are affecting areas across the country. Energy Department staff that handled some homeowners’ electrical bills are no longer there. All but 2 employees in one state’s USDA program that assisted poor communities are gone. A Forest Service office that provided support to hikers, Christmas tree permits, and firewood for the elderly for a small Wyoming community has been shuttered.

11:14 AM - Senior officials from the US and Russia will meet in Saudi Arabia next week to pave the way for a potential meeting between Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.

12:00 PM - State Department removes the statement “we do not support Taiwan independence” from their Taiwan factsheet. In return they added the statement “We expect cross-Strait differences to be resolved by peaceful means, free from coercion, in a manner acceptable to the people on both sides of the Strait.”

12:22 PM - Trump administration runs into issues trying to rehire NNSA employees they fired on Thursday. “The termination letters for some NNSA probationary employees are being rescinded, but we do not have a good way to get in touch with those personnel.”

1:32 PM - Donald Trump tweets a quote from Napoleon Boneparte used to justify his seizure of power. “He who saves his Country does not violate any Law.”

2:28 PM - Senior Ukrainian officials say that Ukraine was neither informed of nor invited to the Russo-American talks in Saudi Arabia next week.

2:30 PM - Trump administration has identified 15,000 IRS employees for potential termination as early as next week, per ABC.

5:47 PM - Former Vice President Mike Pence [R-IN] reposts an article he wrote on limits to the power of the President today. “It is not his job or his prerogative to redefine custom, law, and beliefs; to appropriate industries; to seize the country, as it were, by the shoulders or by the throat so as to impose by force of theatrical charisma his justice upon 300 million others.”

8:14 PM - FDA fires all employees probationary employees via an email. They cite performance issues as a reason, even for individuals that were graded highly in performance. Unknown number of employees affected.

8:18 PM - Vivek Ramaswamy [R-OH] files to run for Ohio Governor.

8:30 PM - At the 4 Nations Face-Off, a major international hockey event, the US and Canadian national teams meet. Canadian PM Justin Trudeau also attended the game. The American anthem is booed while being sung during pregame ceremonies and then fights break out between players seconds into the game. Canada lost 1-3 to the US.

9:08 PM - South Korean Foreign Minister Cho-Tae Yul says the country has “no doubts” about the US’ security guarantees being upheld, citing bipartisan support in the US Congress for South Korea.

10:17 PM - DOGE begins giving termination prices to United States DOGE (Digital) Service employees that were a part of the agency pre-Trump.