6:00 AM - LA Times column reveals ICE misconduct during Bakersfield raids in early January. ICE officers randomly pulled over and arrested “suspected illegal immigrants” (read: brown), and when not finding any, slashing tires.

9:34 AM - 10,000 refugee flights to the US have been cancelled. People who have been waiting for perhaps years in the immigration system have lost the opportunity to enter the US. All case processing has also been shut down, putting the program into total gridlock.

11:32 AM - Hispanic advocacy groups express frustration over sudden shifts by the Trump administration to going silent in ongoing communications with the Hispanic community. Hispanics shifting hard to the right helped Trump win his election.

12:17 PM - Border agents are directed to begin the deportation process for apprehended illegal immigrants crossing the border, without allowing them to request asylum.

3:26 PM - FOX News reporting that Senate Republicans Susan Collins [R-ME], Lisa Murkowski [R-AK], and Mitch McConnell [R-KY] express concern over Pete Hegseth’s misconduct, indicating they might not vote for his confirmation. That would leave Vice President JD Vance in the position of needing to cast a tie breaking vote to confirm him.

5:02 PM - Consumer Price Index (CPI) reports that egg prices have risen almost 37% since this time in 2024. Bird flu wiping out flocks of poultry birds, especially in Georgia, have contributed significantly to this price increase.

5:06 PM - Laken Riley Act passes the House 263-156, with 46 Democrats voting in favor. The bill will go to Donald Trump for signing.

5:06 PM - Acting SecDef Robert Salesses confirms that the military will provide military aircraft for the airlifting and deportation of immigrants.

5:51 PM - All NIH study sections have been cancelled effective immediately. The shutting down of the NIH also extends to their grant review panels, a key source of public funding for medicine and disease research. This includes all NIH cancer research review panels.

6:17 PM - 10,000 active duty soldiers are set to deploy to the Mexican border with military support equipment. They’ve been ordered to prepare for rapid reaction and long-term missions. More will arrive at the border as infrastructure is established to support more troops, including potential airlift operations.

6:32 PM - Donald Trump issues an EO that redesignates the Houthis as a foreign terrorist organization. The Houthis have been attacking shipping through the Red Sea, Bab El-Mandeb Strait, and Gulf of Oman since the beginning of the Israel-Hamas War.

7:00 PM - DHS terminates advisory committees, constituting decades of institutional security experience. This also abruptly halted the investigation into Chinese hacks of US telecom companies.

7:01 PM - Rep. Nancy Mace [R-SC-1] indicates her intention to potentially run for SC Governor in 2026.

7:45 PM - RFK Jr. resigns from his position in an anti-vaccine nonprofit. He’s increasingly distancing himself from his antivax connections as he seeks confirmation as HHS Secretary.

7:49 PM - Sean Curran is appointed the next Director of the Secret Service. Curran was a Secret Service officer that was next to Trump on stage during the Butler, PA assassination attempt.

8:05 PM - SoS Marco Rubio [R-FL] is heading to Panama for a state visit.

8:33 PM - The DOJ freeze of their civil rights division effectively shuts it down for the foreseeable future. Most investigations stemming from the Biden era are also halted. The freeze is set at an indefinite amount of time.

9:02 PM - Emails from Acting Secretaries and Directors at the VA, State, and NASA issue warnings to employees to turn in people who have obscured DEI projects and DEI contracted workers. The ultimatum is for 10 days with consequences for those who don’t report.

9:11 PM - During a Sean Hannity interview, Donald Trump says that abolishing FEMA would be something to consider. “States should take care of their own problems”. Rather, he proposes sending money directly to the states.

9:16 PM - Donald Trump issues a pardon for officers Terence Sutton and Andrew Zabavsky, who stood accused of chasing Karon Hylton-Brown leading to his death in an accident then covering up evidence.

9:46 PM - DEA, ATF, and US Marshals have been deputized by Acting DHS Secretary Bejaime Huffman with immigration enforcement authority. The administration expects the DOJ to help with the mass deportation program by lending agents.

9:56 PM - Office of Personnel Management issued a new memo telling all federal employees to commence in-person work on Friday.

10:49 PM - New unredacted affidavit reveals that SecDef nominee Pete Hegseth sexually assaulted his second wife Samantha, according to Danielle Hegseth. The affidavit has been read by 20 Senators including some Republicans.
