2:46 AM - Negotiations began between the Russian and American delegations in Riyadh.

5:02 AM - Per NYT, the US has stepped up secret drone flights over Mexico, looking for the location of fentanyl labs. The covert flights began under the Biden administration.

6:00 AM - The GSA hired Frank Schuler IV as an advisor. Schuler is known for his tax deduction schemes using inflated land values to shield over $4b in deductions for thousands of clients.

8:03 AM - 105 Marines were relocated out of Okinawa, part of a deal that could eventually result in 9,000 personnel being withdrawn from the island, per NYT.

8:09 AM - Postmaster General Louis DeJoy notifies the Postal Service Board of Governors to begin identifying his successor.

8:15 AM - The US and Russia agreed to multiple points today at the Riyadh conference.

“We agreed to: Establish a consultation mechanism to address irritants to our bilateral relationship with the objective of taking steps necessary to normalize the operation of our respective diplomatic missions. (read: sanctions relief)

Appoint respective high-level teams to begin working on a path to ending the conflict in Ukraine as soon as possible in a way that is enduring, sustainable, and acceptable to all sides.

Lay the groundwork for future cooperation on matters of mutual geopolitical interest and historic economic and investment opportunities which will emerge from a successful end to the conflict in Ukraine.

The parties to today’s meetings pledge to remain engaged to make sure the process moves forward in a timely and productive manner.”

8:31 AM - Bloomberg reports that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman wanted Ukraine to be represented at the peace talks in Riyadh, but both the American and Russian delegations insisted otherwise.

9:00 AM - The US arrested 29,000 migrants at the southern border in January, the lowest monthly total since May 2020 during the pandemic. The low number is likely due to discouragement in border crossers due to the new Trump administration taking a harsher stance on illegal immigration.

9:52 AM - Ars Technica reports that NASA’s workforce will be reduced by 10% by the end of the day. In addition to the 750 NASA employees that took the deferred resignation option, a further 1000 probationary employees will be purged as a part of the mass layoffs.

10:41 AM - Building America’s Future, a group affiliated with Elon Musk, has invested $1.5m into the Wisconsin Supreme Court race between Susan Crawford [D-WI] and Brad Schimel [R-WI].

11:27 AM - Head of the DOJ’s Criminal Division, Denise Cheung, resigns. She cites a so-called “improper demand” by the Trump administration to launch a criminal probe into a government contract awarded during the Biden administration.

11:52 AM - Joe Rogan loses his position as the most downloaded and listened to podcast to anti-Trump podcast MediasTouch, per Newsweek. “His podcast was downloaded and played 48.6 million times, a 32 percent decrease from the previous month. The MeidasTouch Podcast took top spot with 56 million downloads and plays, increasing in reach by 101 percent this month.”

12:12 PM - Actor Zachary Levi, avid MAGA supporter, went on FOX News to ask Elon Musk to save federal workers that voted for Trump but are now facing cuts.

12:14 PM - CNN filed a FOIA request for records relating to Elon Musk’s and DOGE security clearances. The email the OPM sent back read “Good luck with that, they just fired the whole privacy team.” The OPM quietly fired their privacy team, in addition to employees and communication staff that handled FOIA requests. An OPM official denied that the entire team was fired, but refused to elaborate further.

1:09 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says that Elon Musk’s role is to oversee DOGE, despite not officially being a part of the agency.

1:14 PM - The Trump administration plans to fire 40% of the employees at the Federal Housing Administration. The FHA provides mortgage insurance loans for lenders dealing with homebuyers that can’t afford a down payment or have low credit scores. The HUD is planning to cut 50% of their total department employees.

1:45 PM - The White House posts an ASMR video of illegal immigrants being deported on Twitter.

2:03 PM - Steve Bannon calls Elon Musk a “parasitic illegal immigrant”, another chapter to the long break between MAGAs Bannon and Musk.

2:20 PM - A GSA employee resigned after the Musk-affiliated Technology Transformation Services head requested admin/root access to the Notify.gov system. Notify.gov contains the personal phone number of millions of Americans, in addition to information such as if someone is enrolled in Medicaid.

2:37 PM - Senate Majority Leader John Thune [R-SD] says the Senate plans to move forward with their budget resolution this week.

2:44 PM - HHS Secretary RFK jr. told health officials that he would launch an investigation into ties between childhood vaccination schedules in addition to anti-depression medication to chronic diseases in the US., per ABC. The article also noted that 700 CDC employees were fired last week.

3:00 PM - DOGE operatives visited DOD officials at the Pentagon last Friday, according to CBS. SecDef Pete Hegseth welcomed their arrival in comments with the press last week. “There are waste, redundancies and headcounts in headquarters that need to be addressed.”

3:56 PM - Donald Trump signs an executive order to help expand access to IVF. Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says the EO directs policy recommendations to protect access and “aggressively reduce out-of-pocket and health plan costs.” (actual good news?)

3:57 PM - Probationary employees at the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) received termination notices today.

4:00 PM - DOGE claims to have saved $8b by cancelling immigration enforcement contracts with D&G Support Services LLC, a logistics contractor. The actual contract was for $8m. DOGE has claimed to have achieved $55b in savings.

4:20 - Donald Trump makes comments at his Mar-a-lago estate after signing executive orders. He says that it's ok for Europe to deploy peacekeepers to Ukraine, and that not all US troops will be withdrawn from Europe (good news).

On Ukrainian frustrations with not having a seat at peace negotiations: “I hear they're upset about not having a seat. Well, they've had a seat for three years.”, and that Ukraine should have had a peace deal long ago. He also talked about Ukraine not having elections while engaged in the war, and that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s approval rating is at 4% (his October 2024 approval was 70%). He also blamed Ukraine for starting the war.

On trade policy, Trump says that there will be 25% tariffs on cars, pharmaceuticals, and semiconductors beginning in April. These figures were already previously known.

Trump also took time to attack AP for not calling the Gulf of Mexico the “Gulf of America”.

Donald Trump called the corrupt, claiming that millions of people are taking advantage of social security. “... if you take all of those millions of people off social security, all of the sudden we have a very powerful social security.”

Trump said he had no concerns about the mass layoffs happening, after being asked about his concerns due to NNSA employees being fired.

Trump said that he wouldn’t let Elon Musk partake in anything relating to space while working for the federal government. He also said that he wasn’t aware of any conflicts of interest re: Musk and his people working on the FAA and DOD.

4:31 PM - The Trump administration orders defense agencies to turn over a list of their civilian probationary employees by the end of Tuesday. Most of those people will likely be fired by the end of the day. There will be exemption requests for personnel deemed necessary for national security.

§:22 PM - DHS budgets $200m for their new ad campaign announced yesterday to deter illegal immigration.

5:25 PM - White House considers naming Alice Johnson, who had her life sentence commuted in 2018 by Donald Trump, to be “Pardon Czar”. The role will likely advise the president on who to consider for pardons or commuted sentences.

5:42 PM - Federal Judge Anthony Trenga issues a TRO on the firing of 11 CIA officers forced to either resign or get fired for being involved in the agency’s DEI and accessibility programs.

5:48 PM - Donald Trump signs an executive order to give himself the sole authority to interpret laws on the behalf of the executive branch, removing the discretion of independent agencies. “...they will no longer impose rules on the American people without oversight or accountability.” The AG can also interpret laws, but is subject to presidential supervision and control.

5:53 PM - USDA acknowledges that they “accidentally” fired employees that were working on the federal government's response to the Bird Flu outbreak, and is working to reverse the firings.

6:45 PM - Elon Musk considers giving American households a “DOGE Dividend” in 2026 worth $5,000. The number comes from 20% of the claimed $2t in cuts that DOGE has set as its goal by 2026.

6:45 PM - Howard Lutnick is confirmed 51-45 in the Senate as Secretary of Commerce.

6:49 PM - Russian Direct Investment Fund Chief Kirill Dmitriev says the US and Russia should have joint projects in the Arctic region. ExxonMobil and Rosneft cooperated on hydrocarbon exploration in the Arctic until 2018 when sanctions finally ended that partnership.

6:58 PM - Trump orders the DOJ to fire all remaining Biden-era US Attorneys, citing politicization. “We must ‘clean house’ IMMEDIATELY, and restore confidence. America’s Golden Age must have a fair Justice System - THAT BEGINS TODAY.”

8:48 PM - The $ value of the D&G Support Services LLC contract has been modified to show $8b in the Federal Procurement Data System rather than $8m it originally was, in line with DOGE’s claim that the contract termination cut $8b by cancelling the contract.

9:00 PM - Donald Trump and Elon Musk appear in a joint interview on FOX News. Musk asserted that the president can use executive orders to impound funds (made illegal in 1974). Trump admitted most of his executive orders needed to be backed up with legislation, but that he had 4 years to do it.

Musk said that the bureaucracy is serving as an obstacle to enforcing the president's will. “If the will of the president is not implemented and the president is representative of the people that means the will of the people is not being implemented and that means we don't live in a democracy, we live in a bureaucracy.”

On his relationship with Musk, Trump said “I've always respected him... We watched the rocket ships, and we watched Tesla. You know, something that had an effect on me was when I saw the rocket ship come back and get grabbed like you grab a beautiful little baby.” He also called DOGE “100 geniuses”.

Elon Musk says that SpaceX will rescue astronauts stranded on the ISS by the malfunction of the Boeing Starliner in 4 weeks. Both he and Trump claimed that they were left up there for political reasons by the Biden administration.

On the $10m court settlement to Donald Trump via Twitter, Elon said that he left it up to his lawyers, while Trump said Musk got a discount because he was asking for a lot more money.

Regarding Elon Musk’s conflicts of interests, Trump says that he’s empowered Musk to regulate his own conflicts of interests. He also said Musk can’t get an advantage with DOGE because he’s targeting EV subsidies, which Elon would oppose since he owns Tesla (Musk has also attacked the subsidies). Elon Musk himself says he would recuse himself if a conflict of interest arose, and that he hasn't asked the president for anything.