8:30 AM - DOJ orders a halt to all work on civil rights. This includes a freeze on litigation pending a decision by new Trump appointees if they want to open any new cases.

9:13 AM - DOJ rescinds offers for law school graduates to enter entry level programs in the FBI and DOJ’s divisions on crime, national security, civil rights, civil cases, and antitrust litigation.

10:35 AM - Federal judge in Seattle blocks Trump’s executive order that sought an end to birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants AND temporary visa holders. Washington AG Nick Brown [D-WA] sued to block the executive order.

11:26 AM - Trump signs an EO that reinstates federal capital punishment.

11:43 AM - Donald Trump indicates that he wants to increase military spending from $842b to $1.35t. This is in lieu of his assertion that NATO allies should spend 5% of GDP on defense.

12:09 PM - FBI and DHS agents raid the office of a prominent immigration lawyer Joseph Melina Flynn in Providence. He was an undocumented immigrant before getting a pathway to citizenship.

12:10 PM - During a speech to the World Economic Forum, Donald Trump indicates he will ask OPEC to lower oil prices, which it can do so by increasing oil production. He also says that he will pressure the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.

12:28 PM - DOJ orders legal service providers to stop advising and orienting immigrants within the immigration courts.

12:34 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] orders the State Department to no longer issue passports with the “X” for sex and suspends all applications requesting their sex to be changed to anything but “Male” and “Female”.

1:33 PM - Sen. Lisa Murkowski [R-AK] publicly comes out against the confirmation of SecDef nominee Pete Hegseth. She cites allegations of sexual assault and alcoholism has reasons why.

2:21 PM - FOX News reporting that pro-life activists convicted under the FACE Act will be pardoned by Donald Trump.

2:25 PM - John Ratcliffe [R-TX] is confirmed 74-25 by the Senate as CIA Director.

2:58 PM - Pete Hegseth’s nomination for SecDef passes cloture 51-49 in the Senate, with Susan Collins [R-ME] and Lisa Murkowski [R-AK] voting against. His confirmation will go up for a vote tomorrow.

3:45 PM - Trump signs an executive order declassifying all JFK, RFK, and MLK assassination records.

4:52 PM - Pete Hegseth admits to an anonymous Senator that he paid $50,000 to a woman who accused him in 2017 of assault.

5:26 PM - Processing offices in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Guatemala are shut down by the Trump admin. The Biden admin set them up to give immigrants legal pathways to entry and discourage illegal crossings.

5:47 PM - The city of Newark publicizes the fact that a military veteran was detained by ICE during a surprise raid. The ICE agents did not have a warrant. 