1:08 AM - A report from the Mescalero Apache Tribe claims that some tribe members have been targeted by ICE. Apaches are native to the contiguous US and granted citizenship under the 1924 Indian Citizenship Act.

3:41 AM - Colombian President Gustavo Petro announces that Colombia will not cooperate with US deportation flights until the administration organizes a “cooperation method”, rejecting 2 military deportation flights. This comes after a deportation flight of 88 Brazilians revealed that they were handcuffed, beaten, and threatened by US officials.

In response, right wing pundits have speculated about using military force to force the country to accept immigrants. Another proposal was to drop the migrants from the air anyways (see: Pinochet's atrocities).

7:51 AM - JD Vance to CBS this morning accuses the US Conference of Catholic Bishops of profit-motivated behavior in resettling illegal immigrants. He points out that they received $100m to help migrants resettle.

He also deflected when asked about his stance on breaking up big-tech companies. Major tech giants and billionaires donated $1m each to the Trump inaugural fund.

9:48 AM - Former Swedish PM Carl Bildt comments that Trump is serious about US territorial expansion into Greenland.

10:55 AM - White House staff have been limiting the ability of Trump's personal friends, donors, and media to directly talk to Trump. They hope that this will prevent leakage of damaging information.

11:25 AM - Sen. Lindsay Graham [R-SC] publicly states that he disagreed with Trump on relocating Gaza Palestinians, pardoning all J6 rioters, and revoking protections for Bolton and Pompeo. He also refuses to support Tulsi Gabbard [R-HI] and said Trump broke the law by firing the Inspector Generals.

11:27 AM - The Trump admin is trying to work out a deal with El Salvador that would allow the US to deport migrants from different countries there.

12:00 PM - An analysis by TIME magazine shows that 2/3rds of the executive actions taken by Donald Trump mirror or closely mirror policy proposals from Project 2025.

12:14 PM - US embassy in Colombia closed their visa section per Colombian media. This comes as Colombia begins refusing deportation flights citing humanitarian concerns. Colombia responds by notifying all 15,660 illegal Americans living in Colombia to regularize.

12:23 PM - Brazilian government formally requests explanations from ICE about the treatment of their migrants. The Foreign Ministry also denounced the situation as “blatant disrespect”.

12:46 PM - Department of Labor ends all investigations into workplace discrimination by federal agencies and contractors. This includes cases of firing or abuse on the basis of things such as sex, race, religion, and national origin.

1:13 PM - Donald Trump is reportedly flaunting the idea of rejoining the WHO just days after ordering a withdrawal.

1:28 PM - Donald Trump orders emergency 25% tariffs with the possibility of 50% next week, travel bans and visa sanctions on Colombian officials and their families, financial sanctions on the Colombian government, and enhanced CBP inspections on Colombian nationals and products.

1:58 PM - Trump admin issues arrest quotas to ICE to at least 1200 to 1500 a day. Trump has been disappointed with the results of the mass deportation program so far.

2:54 PM - Colombia offers their presidential aircraft for the repatriation of deported migrants from the US. The Colombians indicate they want their citizens treated humanely while being deported.

3:44 PM - Border Czar Tom Homan denies that ICE is sending officers to school to arrest schoolchildren.

3:58 PM - Egyptian government says they reject any plan to relocate or transfer Gaza Palestinians to their country.

4:11 PM - Sen. Katie Britt [R-AL] insinuates that the case of Air Force videos of Tuskegee Airmen and female pilots in WW? being deleted from curriculum to be a form of malicious compliance. SedDef Pete Hegseth retweets saying the issue will be addressed.

4:22 PM - Colombian government responds with 50% tariffs on US exports to Colombia. Colombian President Petro says that American threats do not scare him, not even a coup.

5:13 PM - White House press release announces the extension of the Lebanon-Israel ceasefire to February 18.

