3:14 AM - Elon Musk/DOGE says they will be shutting down “illegal payments” to Lutheran nonprofits. These Lutheran social services run children and employment support for refugees, foster care, Head Start, and drug abuse prevention programs across the country.

8:41 AM - Donald Trump makes comments on Truth Social, derailing trade deficits with China, Mexico, and Canada as being unfair. He makes another post directly addressing Canada. He claims Canada would not exist without American “subsidies” and reiterates that Canada should become the 51st state.

10:59 AM - VP JD Vance makes an appearance on Maria Bartiromo’s segment on FOX News. He claims Mexico and China are taking advantage of the US, and that tariffs will send the message that “we are done being taken advantage of.”

11:48 AM - Two USAID security officials were placed on leave after denying DOGE access to security systems and classified documents, even after DOGE personnel threatened to call law enforcement. The DOGE personnel did not have high enough security clearance to access the information. Other portions of the agency have also been removed, such as the public affairs division.

12:04 PM - Elon Musk calls USAID a “viper’s nest of radical-left marxists who hate America.”

12:24 PM - Trump administration revokes temporary protected status for 300,000 Venezuelans in the United States. They had previously had their TPS extension revoked by DHS Secretary Kristi Noem [R-SD] in January. They will be evicted from TPS in 60 days, with another 300,000 losing status in September.

12:35 PM - Marines of the 1st Battalion, 6th Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, arrive in Guantanamo Bay to expand the migrant holding center.

1:30 PM - Top FBI official at the New York Field Office, James Dennehy, sends a message to his subordinates that he will “dig in”. He also denies any claim that he has been fired. He says that the FBI is in a “battle of our own”, as FBI agents are targeted for doing their jobs.

1:46 PM - US freezes $2b worth of funds at JP Morgan, suspected of being used by Russians to evade sanctions on the Russian central bank.

2:01 PM - When asked if he would levy tariffs on the European Union, Donald Trump said that he “absolutely” would.

2:01 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] accuses Panama of breaking the treaty that handed over the Panama Canal. He warns Panama that unless they made changes to the operation of the canal, “it would require the United States to take measures necessary to protect its rights under the treaty.”

2:02 PM - WIRED investigation reveals that at least 6 people aged 19-24, most of whom used to at the very least intern with Musk-affiliated companies, have been playing crucial roles in DOGE. DOGE personnel have been implanted into the OPM and GSA and been trying to access highly classified information and data, in addition to targeting and firing certain elements of the federal government.

2:19 PM - Panamanian President Jose Raul Mulino dismisses American threats. “I don’t feel that there is any real threat at this time.”

3:21 PM - A union rep for DOEd employees claims that some were placed on leave for attending diversity training. The training took place under Trump’s first term. At least 55 employees have been affected.

3:23 PM - Anti-ICE protestors in Los Angeles blocked the southbound lanes of the 101 Freeway.

3:27 PM - FBI employees suspected of being involved in the J6 investigation were asked to fill out a questionnaire. This questionnaire is due on Monday at 3 PM. It asks them their level of involvement and the roles they played in the J6 investigation.

4:05 PM - Gov. Greg Abbott [R-TX] signs an order deputizing the Texas National Guard with immigration enforcement authority.

4:35 PM - The Department of Education is rumored to be the next target for DOGE. There are also rumors of an EO in the works that would wind down the department.

5:30 PM - The memorial wall naming all 99 USAID workers who died overseas was taken down at the USAID HQ.

5:35 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] appoints Darren Beattie as acting undersecretary of state for public diplomacy. Beattie previously served as a speechwriter for the first Trump administration, but was fired for attending a white nationalist event. Beattie is also a Uyghur genocide denier, and suggested that the US should trade Taiwan’s independence for “concessions” in Africa and Antarctica.

5:37 PM - Panama announces they will not renew their Belt and Road Initiative with China, and it will be ended early. Panama will also seek US investment into infrastructure and other projects.

5:50 PM - The White House releases a press release defending the tariff plan. Arguing that tariffs will have a minimal impact, help bring jobs to America, and motivating countries to act in ways that benefit the US. This also includes claiming Canada has invested more into border enforcement, something that Vance has been accusing the Canadians of not doing.

6:29 PM - Trump halts all future aid to South Africa. He accuses South Africa of committing human rights violations by seizing and confiscating land, while also treating “certain classes of people VERY BADLY”.

6:53 PM - Due to tariffs reducing American demand for foreign goods, the limiting of dollars in the FOREX market has led to an appreciation of the US dollar in value relative to the Mexican Peso, Canadian Dollar, and Euro. This will retroactively reduce the ability of foreigners to purchase American goods, and reduce exports.

7:10 PM - In a 60 Minutes interview, Sen. Mitch McConnell [R-KY] states his opposition to tariffs. “[Tariffs] will drive the cost of everything up. In other words, it will be paid for by American consumers. I mean, why would you want to get in a fight with your allies over this?”

7:54 PM - Donald Trump giving an impromptu presser in front of AF1. He claims China is running the Panama Canal, and that if the US doesn’t take it back “something very powerful is going to happen.” He says that the UK can avoid tariffs since he’s getting along well with PM Keir Starmer, and that something can be worked out. However, EU tariffs will “definitely happen” because they’re taking advantage of the US.

9:29 PM - Federal Reserve employees have been instructed to download their Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF). The OPM is rumored to be cutting off access tomorrow. The folder contains all employee data, including personal info, performance reviews, benefits, and pay raises. Having access to an eOPF makes it easier for employees to protect themselves from illegal firings.

10:00 PM - Bitcoin and Etherium see around 7% and 21% losses at the opening of NA premarket trading. Meanwhile, the SP500 saw around a 2% dip in premarket as Wall Street reacts to the beginning of a trade war.
