7:24 AM - Former Acting Treasury Secretary David Lebryk is expected to leave the government soon. Lebryk clashed with Musk and DOGE after they demanded access to the internal government payment system, a request he rejected.

7:47 AM - SecDef Pete Hegseth says that “All options will be on the table” when asked about the possibility of military air strikes in Mexico against cartels.

9:15 AM - NBC reporting that Gov. JB Pritzker [D-IL] signs a directive to exclude J6 rioters from government jobs. “No one who attempts to overthrow a government should serve in government.”

9:17 AM - US companies in China are accelerating plans to shift sourcing and manufacturing back to the US.

11:26 AM - Federal employees receive a follow-up memo reassuring them that the deferred resignation plan is “valid, lawful, and will be honored.”

11:40 AM - Federal employees are instructed to remove all pronouns from their email signatures by the end of the day in line with Trump’s executive orders.

11:53 AM - The DOD will no longer cover costs for personnel that travel for abortions and other reproductive care. Other reproductive care includes IVFs and contraception.

11:53 AM - Fmr. Lt. Gov. and failed Gubernatorial candidate Mark Robinson [R-NC] drops his defamation lawsuit against CNN and announces his retirement from politics.

12:16 PM - Reuters reporting that tariffs on Mexico and Canada are pushed back to March 1. Trump is also considering allowing limited exceptions to the tariffs for certain goods. It’s unknown if he will still announce them on February 1.

12:54 PM - US military officials tell NPR the identity of the female crew member of the UH-60 involved in the AA5342 disaster. This decision was made at the behest of the crew member’s family.

1:21 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt denies claims that tariffs will be delayed to March 1. 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico, alongside 10% tariffs on China will be implemented tomorrow.

1:22 PM - Customs and Border Protection officials told they are not allowed to take the deferred resignation option. They are considered by the government to be “national security.”

1:22 PM - Per CNN, over 1,100 EPA employees were notified of their placement on probationary status. This means that they could be fired effectively immediately if deemed necessary.

1:44 PM - When Trump ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to let the water flow to Southern California, the Army Corps drained reservoirs into flooded farmland without notifying local leaders or farmers. The additional flow also nearly caused a flood event similar to the 2023 floods.

1:45 PM - Canadian PM Justin Trudeau says that Canada is prepared to respond to American tariffs.

2:14 PM - Liberal candidate for Canadian PM Chrystia Freeland said that American tariffs could be responded to with a 100% tariff on alcoholic products and Tesla vehicles.

2:29 PM - NOAA employees have been instructed to deactivate agency materials that contain certain words related to diversity, equity, and inclusion.

2:29 PM - 6 of the FBI’s most senior officials and multiple heads of different field offices nationwide have been fired.

2:35 PM - Trump admin orders the General Services Administration to develop a plan to cut their budget by 50%. Elon Musk visited their headquarters yesterday.

2:36 PM - USDA orders all references of “climate change” to be removed from their website by the end of the day.

2:53 PM - FBI agents that worked on the J6 and Trump investigations are expected to be fired today, per CNN.

2:55 PM - Sen. Bernie Sanders [I-VT] launches an investigation into the firing of top federal labor officials by the Trump admin.

3:12 PM - John Rogers, former senior advisor at the Federal Reserve, was indicted for economic espionage.

3:13 PM - Rep. Thomas Massie [R-KY-4] introduces a bill to abolish the Department of Education.

3:19 PM - David Sundberg, the chief of the FBI’s Washington Field Office, has been fired per NBC.

3:22 PM - ICE tells their employees they will not be allowed to accept the deferred resignation option.

3:55 PM - Donald Trump says nothing to Canada, Mexico, and China to forestall tariffs. He is not looking for concessions at the current moment and may look to increase tariffs.

4:16 PM - ATCs alongside other federal employees received an email a day after the AA5342 disaster. The email urges them to accept the deferred resignation plan.

4:19 PM - ICE is seeking access to databases containing the information of hundreds of thousands of unaccompanied minors that crossed into the US.

4:28 PM - Federal websites tracking healthcare issues such as HIV and transgender healthcare were shut down.

4:43 PM - Donald Trump says that the US will retake the Panama Canal. “We’re gonna take it back... They’ve totally violated the agreement.”

4:50 PM - 2 black boxes from AA5342 have been recovered from the crash site in the Potomac River.

5:05 PM - State Department replaces all language pertaining to “LGBTQ” individuals and replaces it with “LGB.”

6:14 PM - White House releases a video of “angel moms” criticizing celebrity Selena Gomez for her comments against a mass deportation program.

7:06 PM - House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries [D-NY-8] endorses Wisconsin Democratic Party Chair Ben Wikler [D-WI] for DNC Chair.

7:16 PM - SecDef Pete Hegseth declares that “identity months” are dead at the DOD.

7:21 PM - Venezuela releases 6 American political prisoners after a meeting with Trump aides.

7:34 PM - The “rule of law” policy page on the USAID website has been taken down.

8:11 PM - Reports surface that Trump plans to sign an EO as early as tonight to shut down USAID and merge it with the state department.

9:28 PM - NORAD reports that fighter jets from Alaska and Canada were scrambled over the arctic due to Russian warplane activity.

10:41 PM - Shriners Hospital for Children confirms that the patient on the Learjet 55 that crashed in Philadelphia was a 12-year-old receiving treatment in the US on her way home to Mexico. They also confirmed that 6 people were aboard the plane, including the girl and her mother.
