6:41 AM - Donald Trump says that Israel will hand over Gaza at the end of fighting, and that no troops will be required to seize the territory. There would still be millions of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, which would resist ethnic cleansing.

7:27 AM - Israeli military receives orders to prepare for the “voluntary departure” of the Gaza Palestinians.

7:52 AM - DOGE operatives gain access to OPM records containing the personally identifiable information of millions of federal employees.

8:34 AM - Trump says that the administration will create a new system for air traffic control.

8:43 AM - Department of Education officials say that they are proceeding with new regulations for transgender athletes in school sports.

8:47 AM - National Institute of General Medical Services cancels their council meeting. The NIGMS was the second largest NIH institute, awarding millions in grants.

8:52 AM - Leaked peace deal for Ukraine would prohibit Ukraine from joining NATO, in addition to forcing them to accept Russian sovereignty over the lands that Russia has already annexed. Trump is trying to implement a ceasefire by April 20.

9:44 AM - Donald Trump says he will sign an executive order to direct AG Pam Bondi [R-FL] to lead a taskforce to “eradicate” anti-Christian bias in the federal government.

10:10 AM - DOGE is instructing NOAA to reduce funding by 30% and cut 50% of their staff.

10:35 AM - Trump administration agrees to temporarily restrict DOGE access to the Treasury payment system.

10:45 AM - The DOJ’s anti-corruption unit, the Kleptocracy Initiative, was disbanded last night without any special announcement.

11:17 AM - DOJ sues the city of Chicago and Illinois for impeding the mass deportation program. The DOJ is enforcing an executive order that targets the enforcement of state and city sanctuary laws.

11:29 AM - Donald Trump will sign an executive order today to levy sanctions on the ICC. It would place financial and visa sanctions on individuals who investigate US citizens or allies, in addition to their families.

12:13 PM - A temporary restraining order was placed on the Department of Labor to prevent them giving any data to DOGE.

12:22 PM - WaPo reports that DOGE operatives fed sensitive data from the Department of Education into AI software to analyze the department’s spending.

12:34 PM - The Department of Education launches an investigation into 3 entities for allowing transgender women to compete, citing Title IX. Those are San Jose State, University of Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association.

12:44 PM - Health agencies are being ordered to rank thousands of employees on probation, and determine 40% who aren’t considered “mission critical”.

1:00 PM - Trump revokes the security detail of Fmr. SecDef Mark Esper. Esper is a target for Iranian assassination for his involvement with the first Trump administration’s operation to kill Qasem Soleimani.

1:20 PM - Federal judge delays the implementation of the deferred resignation option to February 10 to give themselves time to determine the constitutionality of the plan.

1:24 PM - FDIC will reevaluate their approach to crypto-related activities by banks to make it easier to engage in crypto and blockchain activities.

1:29 PM - Donald Trump outlines his tax policy priorities. No taxes on tips, overtime pay, or Social Security, an extension of the 2017 tax cuts, adjusting the cap on SALT deductions, eliminating tax breaks for private property owners, and closing the carried interest tax loophole.

1:44 PM - The DOJ cannot confirm or deny if anyone in the department has leaked the personal information of FBI agents involved in the J6 investigations.

1:48 PM - The Trump administration is considering contracting a shipping container company to provide housing for migrant detention facilities and possibly Guantanamo Bay to keep up with the mass deportation operation.

2:00 PM - Trump is preparing an executive order that would fire thousands of federal healthcare workers that can be implemented as soon as next week. It would mandate public health agencies to fire a certain percentage of their employees. Departments and agencies affected would include the HHS, CDC, NIH, FDA, and CMS.

2:24 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] during a state visit to the Dominican Republic says that the island could become a semiconductor hub. He is signing a waiver for foreign aid to the country.

2:25 PM - Rumors of a deal between the US and China for the US to allow China to take over Taiwan without American intervention in exchange for some sort of concession.

2:41 PM - The HHS has been ordered to target “wasteful” contracts for things such as DEI initiatives, accessible offices, and “anything related to COVID.”

2:45 PM - DOJ disbands their Foreign Influence Task Force and Corporate Enforcement Unit in their National Security Division.

2:52 PM - Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says that Trump has no real plan to end the Russian invasion of Ukraine. This either contradicts earlier reporting of the 100 day peace proposal, or indicates that Ukraine would not accept such a deal.

2:54 PM - Federal Judge Coughenour issues a nationwide injunction against Trump’s executive order limiting birthright citizenship.

3:25 PM - Arab Americans for Trump changed their name to Arab Americans for Peace following Trump’s proposal to ethnically cleanse the Gaza Strip.

3:40 PM - MSNBC reports that some USAID employees are worried that their information on personal devices is being monitored.

3:48 PM - Federal employees protested the “fork in the road” deferred resignation option by using the spoon emoji. The spoon emoji has been since removed from the workplace chats.

3:55 PM - During Secretary of State Marco Rubio’s [R-FL] visit to the Dominican Republic, the US seized a Venezuelan government plane.

4:00 PM - Trump administration orders the GSA to terminate “every single media contract” paid for by the agency.

4:12 PM - In line with Trump’s executive order yesterday, the NCAA bans transgender athletes from women’s sports effective immediately.

4:36 PM - Mark Zuckerberg visited the White House to discuss how Meta can help the US maintain their dominance in the tech sector.

4:43 PM - Trump signs an executive order ordering a review of all NGOs that rely on federal funding.

4:46 PM - Sen. Ed Markey [D-MA] is denied entry to the EPA by private security while trying to confront DOGE operatives in the building.

4:57 PM - The USAID will only maintain 294 employees of the original 10,000 employed by the agency at the end of Biden’s term.

5:08 PM - USAID Bureau of Resilience, Environment and Food Security is fully shutting down.

5:12 PM - DOGE operative Marko Elez resigns after being tied to deleted social media accounts that made racist and pro-eugenic comments.

5:13 PM - Donald Trump signs an executive order directing the DOJ to “eradicate” anti-Christian bias and create a religious office in the White House.

5:17 PM - Congressional Democrats are preparing to drag budget negotiations ahead of the shutdown on March 14. Trump and Musk’s sidestepping of the budget by freezing funding has disincentivized negotiations with the GOP over the budget.

5:17 PM - Dozens of USAID medical trials were frozen by the dismantling of the agency. The thousands of patients between them were left in limbo with drugs and devices in their bodies without supervision.

5:54 PM - Keith Kellogg, US Special Envoy to Ukraine and Russia, says Trump is willing to double down on sanctions to Russia to end the war in Ukraine.

6:27 PM - A second lawsuit challenging the trans military ban EO was filed in Seattle, Washington.

6:31 PM - A source close to DOGE operatives tells Semafor that the Social Security Administration is an upcoming focus.

6:55 PM - The council that oversees OSHA has indefinitely paused.

6:58 PM - WIRED reporting that the Treasury Department falsely claimed that former DOGE operative Marko Elez did not have “write access” to their code. They rescinded that access after denying he had it.

7:03 PM - Deferred resignation options were also sent to federal judges, who have lifetime appointments.

7:05 PM - A 23 year old DOGE operative was granted access to the Department of Energy’s IT systems by Energy Secretary Chris Wright.

7:33 PM - Project 2025 author Russell Vought is confirmed as OMB director in a party line vote 53-47 in the Senate.

7:41 PM - FBI Director nominee Kash Patel discloses that he’s receiving millions of dollars worth of shares from a Cayman Islands based company tied to SHEIN, a Chinese company that Senators and a pro-Trump nonprofit accused of slave labor. He will not divest from SHEIN.

7:58 PM - USAID workers sue the Trump admin over the dismantling of the agency, claiming they overstepped their constitutional limits. They ask the court to block the dismantling and reinstate federal workers and funding. 