12:01 AM- Trump’s 10% tariffs on China officially went
into effect.

12:34 AM - China responds to American tariffs by
planning to levy a 15% tariff on American coal and LNG,
and a 10% tariff on American oil, agricultural machinery,
and large engine cars. They will go into effect next
Monday. They also announced greater export controls on
critical minerals and antitrust investigations into Google.

6:54 AM - 50501, an anti-Trump protest movement, is
slated to have their protest begin at every state capital
plus DC for a single day tomorrow. They're partnered
with Political Revolution, a group originally founded to
help Bernie Sanders’ [I-VT] bids for the Democratic
nomination for President.

7:52 AM - Greenland’s Parliament will implement a new
law banning foreign citizens from buying property in
Greenland.

8:29 AM - 20,000 federal employees have taken the
deferred resignation option so far. This is equivalent to
1% of the federal workforce, well below the minimum
target of 5% that the Trump administration was aiming
for by February 6.

9:48 AM - Marko Elez, a 25 year old DOGE operative,
alongside other DOGE operatives with access to Treasury
payment systems, not only has read only access, but can
and has made extensive changes to its code. The changes
seem intent to make blocking funds easier and obfuscate
what funding is being blocked, creating in essence a
backdoor.

9:50 AM - Trump will sign an executive order today
related to sanctions against the ICC. The ICC has paid
employees 3 months wages in advance to protect
themselves.

10:22 AM - Sen. Bill Cassidy [R-LA] backs RFK jr.’s
nomination in committee after extensive meetings with
RFK jr. and the White House, including JD Vance.
Cassidy is a doctor, and expressed concerns over RFK
jr.’s anti-vaccine views.

10:26 PM - Senate Finance Committee votes 14-13 down
party lines to send RFK jr.’s nomination for HHS
Secretary to the floor.

10:42 AM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt confirms
that deportation flights to Guantanamo Bay are
underway.

10:49 AM - Border Czar Tom Homan on FOX & Friends
says that there’s a likely chance of a border incident
between cartels and American troops. “It’s gonna
happen... there will be violence.”

10:50 AM - Despite federal judges blocking the federal
funding freeze, multiple grant recipients still struggle to
access funding. Researchers and nonprofits in clean
energy, climate change, and environmental justice have
had projects affected and some salaries frozen.

10:55 AM - Donald Trump will attend Super Bowl 59 in
New Orleans on February 9.

11:10 AM - Donald Trump is expected to sign an EO
tomorrow that would exclude transgender athletes from
participating in sports that align with their gender
identity.

11:28 AM - A new federal lawsuit accuses DOGE of
operating a server illegally connected to the OPM in the
5th floor of their HQ.


11:32 AM - NBC News confirms that Donald Trump is
preparing to sign an executive order that would outright
abolish the Department of Education. Previous reporting
suggested that he would “wind down” the DOEd. This is
likely to face challenges in the courts as it would require
an act of Congress to shut down the department.

12:00 PM - Some Head Start programs in Washington
and potentially other states are not receiving their
funding. "programs are not getting the money. It feels
like a rolling blackout."

12:14 PM - Mass layoffs of federal employees may begin
soon, according to WaPo. This comes as the deferred
resignation option has attracted only a fifth of the Trump
administration’s goal of at least 5% of federal employees
accepting the offer.

12:19 PM - Multiple House and Senate Dems alongside
progressive action groups will host a rally outside of the
Treasury Department at 4 PM.

12:42 PM - FBI officials filed a class action lawsuit to
prevent the publicization of thousands of FBI agents who
were involved in the J6 and Trump investigations.

12:49 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL]
blames aid groups facing a financial aid freeze of being
too incompetent to request a waiver, or of malicious
compliance to make a political point.

1:02 PM - Greenland’s PM Mute Egede plans to hold an
election on March 11, where both the island’s
independence and threats of US annexation are top
issues.

1:10 PM - Fmr. Rep. Doug Collins [R-GA] is confirmed
77-23 by the Senate to become Secretary of Veterans
Affairs.

1:16 PM - Senate Democrats consider delaying ALL
Trump appointees in retaliation for the dismantling of
the USAID. This is beyond the “blanket hold” that Sen.
Brian Schatz [D-HI] proposed yesterday.

1:34 PM - Canadian MP Charlie Angus suggests that
Donald Trump balked at the market reaction to a
looming trade war. “The market started to tank, and
suddenly, he said, “Oh, didn’t you guys already have a
plan to deal with the border back in December? I love
that—I'll take that.”

2:00 PM - GSA receives instructions by the Trump
administration to cancel leases on 7,500 federal offices
nationwide. This affects up to a million federal employees
that work in the 8,397 offices the GSA leases for the
government. Reports indicate that up to 300 office leases
per day might be terminated.

2:13 PM - A second lawsuit from the FBI, this time by the
FBI Agents Association represented by Mark Zaid, sues
the Department of Justice. This is on the behalf of agents
who might be purged in the event their identities are
publicly revealed.

2:16 PM - A federal lawsuit was filed, backed by the
ACLU among others, challenging Trump’s executive
order targeting gender-affirming care against people
under 19 in addition to the day one funding ban.

2:36 PM - Senate Intelligence Committee clears DNI
nominee Tulsi Gabbard [R-HI] for a floor vote 9-8,
another party line vote.

2:49 PM - House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries
[D-NY-8] and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
[D-NY] jointly announce the Stop the Steal Act. It would
deny access to “special government employees”, Musk’s
designation, from being able to access critical
government systems.


3:06 PM - Trump says that Palestineans have no
alternative but to leave the Gaza Strip, and reiterated he
would like Egypt and Jordan to take on the population of
Gaza Palestineans. He also said, however, that he does
not support Israeli settlements in Gaza.

3:38 PM - Donald Trump says he has left instructions to
obliterate Iran if the country successfully assassinated
him.

3:44 PM - USS St. Louis, a Freedom Class Littoral
Combat Ship, is at Guantanamo Bay and setting up tents.

3:52 PM - Donald Trump signs executive orders in the
Oval Office. One of them reapplies “maximum pressure”
sanctions on Iran, reimplementing the restrictions of the
first Trump administration.

3:57 PM - Trump expresses his favor for imprisoning US
nationals in other countries. “If we had the legal right to
do, I would do it in a heartbeat... we could make deals
where we'd get these animals out of our country."

4:01 PM - Donald Trump says he wants his Secretary of
Education Linda McMahon to “put herself out of a job.”
He says he wants the states to run schools (they do
already?).

4:07 PM - Donald Trump wants to halt the California
High-Speed Rail (CAHSR) project by launching an
investigation. He also suggests that people should take an
airplane instead, “it costs you 2 dollars.” CAHSR would
cut transit times between San Francisco and Los Angeles
by 6 hours.

4:26 PM - State Department begins work to recall all
USAID employees currently working overseas. Many
were cut off when thousands were locked out of their
government accounts overnight. All overseas USAID
missions are cancelled.

4:55 PM - Donald Trump indicates his relocation plan for
the Gaza Palestineans would be permanent. He also
indicated that he wasn’t taking no for an answer from
Jordan or Egypt. “They won't tell me no. I want to
remove all residents of Gaza... It will happen.” Trump
says this while meeting with Israeli PM Netanyahu in the
Oval Office.

5:02 PM - DOGE begins targeting the Department of
Labor. Employees are being asked to give access to
whatever the DOGE operatives ask for, or face the
chopping block.

5:18 PM - The Treasury Department disputes earlier
reports that DOGE operatives have anything beyond
“read-only” access to Treasury payment systems. They
also say no payments have been suspended or rerouted.

5:51PM - Protests start at the Treasury Department
building in DC against DOGE’s encroachment into
Treasury payment systems, House and Senate Dems are
in attendance.

5:52 PM - Sen. Ron Wyden [D-OR] responds to the
Treasury’s letter downplaying DOGE access to payment
systems. “I’m sure the Treasury Secretary and the
president want to save face and downplay the risks as
Elon Musk seizes power, but nothing they're saying is
believable or trustworthy. The American people can see
what's happening, and Secretary Bessent is asking them
not to believe what’s playing out in front of their eyes.”

5:59 PM - Mexico’s foreign minister sends a diplomatic
note to the US embassy in Mexico City. THey will receive
all Mexican deportees instead of seeing them sent to
Guantanamo.

6:42 PM - GSA releases a notice that it will reduce or sell
off the amount of federal property that it manages by
50%.


6:48 PM - ICE detention facilities are above capacity,
forcing the agency to release hundreds of illegal
immigrants.

6:58 PM - Donald Trump announces in a joint press
conference with Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu that the
US will be taking over the Gaza Strip, an arrangement
that Trump views as being “long term”. Palestinians will
be expelled from the land, with it being fully demolished
and rebuilt from the ground up. The Palestinians will
instead live in settlements in Egypt and Jordan.

7:11 PM - Donald Trump does not rule out deploying
troops to take over the Gaza Strip. “We'll do what is
necessary. If it’s necessary we'll do it. We're gonna take
over that piece and develop it.”

7:25 PM - Donald Trump says that talks between the US,
Ukraine, and Russia are happening.

7:31 PM - Donald Trump envisions the Gaza Strip as
being the “Riviera of the Middle East”, where many
people (multiethnic?) will live.

7:45 PM - Federal judge blocks the DOJ from
transferring incarcerated trangenders to prisons in line
with their sex at birth.

8:00 PM - UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres says
that Trump’s plan to displace the Gaza Palestinians is
“ethnic cleansing”, and risks making a Palestinian state
impossible.

8:04 PM - Saudi Arabia reiterates their position that it
will not have diplomatic relations with Israel unless an
independent Palestine with East Jerusalem as its capital
was established.

8:03 PM - Pam Bondi [R-FL] is confirmed 54-46 in the
Senate as Attorney General. The only Democratic
defection was Sen. John Fetterman [D-PA].

8:07 PM - USPS suspends inbound parcel services in
both China and Hong Kong.

8:11 PM - DOGE operatives entered NOAA HQ in Silver
Spring, Maryland. They sought access to the IT systems
of NOAA as they have in every agency and department
they've targeted. NOAA was earmarked by Project 2025
for elimination, viewing its role in researching climate
and climate change as “harmful to US prosperity.”

8:33 PM - The CIA offers a buyout to ALL of its
employees. They can quit their jobs in exchange for 8
months of pay and benefits, the same offer given in the
deferred resignation program for the civilian agencies.

9:10 PM - USAID's website returns with a message. "All
USAID direct hire personnel will be placed on
administrative leave globally, with the exception of
designated personnel responsible for mission-critical
functions, core leadership and specially designated
programs"


