7:00 AM - New information from ABC reveals new details about Trump’s executive order today banning trans women from women’s sports. The DOJ would be directed to enforce the statute. Universities that allow trans women to compete will be subject to legal action or the withholding of federal funding. The NCAA and other sporting bodies are also expected to change their rules over trans competition.

8:13 AM - USPS resumes accepting inbound packages from both China and Hong Kong.

8:16 AM - The Department of Defense is planning to withdraw all American troops from Syria. The country’s long civil war is coming to an end as the rebel forces have expelled the Assad regime and begun establishing an interim government.

10:16 AM - Argentina also withdraws from the WHO, following the footsteps of Donald Trump. They cited the WHO’s response to COVID and their previous government’s shutdown policy as a factor.

10:21 AM - Gwynne Wilcox [D] sues Donald Trump for illegally firing her from the NLRB. She claims that the firing violated the National Labor Relations Act and allowing her firing to stand would nullify protections for NLRB members.

10:34 AM - Rep. Al Green [D-TX-8] introduces a motion to impeach Donald Trump for “the insidious acts he has proposed and the insidious acts he has committed.” The effort will likely go nowhere.

10:47 AM - GOP leadership expresses support for Trump’s Gaza plan. Speaker Mike Johnson [R-LA-4] says he thinks it’s “a good development.” Meanwhile, House Majority Leader John Thune [R-SD] says Trump wants a peaceful and secure Middle East.

10:58 AM - DOGE operatives gained access to the servers of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

11:10 AM - House Oversight Committee Democrats voted down a measure to subpoena Elon Musk 19-20. Rep. Ro Khanna [D-CA-17] did not vote.

11:37 AM - At AG Pam Bondi’s [R-FL] swearing in ceremony, Donald Trump says “I know I'm supposed to say 'she's going to be totally impartial with respect to Democrats' and I think she will be as impartial as a person can be.”

11:44 AM - Protestors gather outside of Congress to support the USAID and oppose its dismemberment.

11:49 AM - DOGE orders their operatives to stop using Slack, as the agency is switching from a regime under the OMB to the Executive Office of the President. The switch would make it harder to reveal DOGE activities through FOIA requests.

12:03 PM - Online right-wing conspiracies wrongly accuse Politico of being funded by the USAID. Politico missed payments yesterday due to a technical issue.

12:19 PM - DC protestors express frustration towards Democratic leadership, drowning out Democratic speakers with chants of “what’s the plan?” and “do your job”.

12:22 PM - Eric Turner is confirmed as HUD Secretary 55-44 in the Senate.

12:23 PM - China files a WTO complaint regarding US trade tariffs that were enacted on February 4.

12:23 PM - ByteDance is stalling in negotiations to sell off TikTok to American buyers as they await approval from their Chinese owners.

12:24 PM - AG Pam Bondi’s [R-FL] day one actions freed up federal prosecutors to pursue the death penalty, and to order a pause on federal funding to sanctuary cities.

12:51 PM - Israel leaves the UN Human Rights Council, following in the footsteps of Donald Trump. They cite the UNHCR’s history of “targeting” Israel as the reason why.

12:52 PM - Former DOD official Anthony Tata for Pentagon Personnel Chief. Tata is well known for having expressed Islamophobic views in the past and calling Obama a “terrorist leader”.

1:07 PM - A Maryland Federal Judge indefinitely blocks Trump’s executive order limiting the 14th amendment right of birthright citizenship for undocumented and temporary immigrants.

1:24 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says that Trump has not committed to deploying troops to Gaza.

1:26 PM - CIA sends the White House an unsecured email listing every employee they’ve hired in the past 2 years.

1:37 PM - Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy [R-WI] says that DOGE will be upgrading their aviation systems.

2:25 PM - Sen. Mitch McConnell [R-KY] is seen in a wheelchair after he fell multiple times today.

3:15 PM - Google will eliminate their minority hiring goals and review DEI programs.

4:22 PM - Donald Trump signs the “No Men in Women’s Sports” executive order.

4:26 PM - ABC reporting that a federal judge is very likely to issue an injunction to temporarily block non-Treasury entities, including DOGE, from accessing taxpayer records.

4:28 PM - Community health centers that are federally funded are starting to shut down because they cannot access federal grants.

4:33 PM - DOGE operatives are reported to be at the NIH now.

5:05 PM - 40,000 federal employees have taken the deferred resignation option, around 2% of the federal civilian workforce.

5:17 PM - USAID contractors and employees are preparing to file lawsuits to stop the dismantling of USAID.

6:54 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] will not attend the G20 in Johannesburg in South Africa.

7:27 PM - Canadian Defense Minister Bill Blair believes Canada can avoid US tariffs if they show enough process on the border.

7:44 PM - Panama agrees to waive all fees for US government vessels transiting the Panama canal.

7:47 PM - A federal judge will not issue a temporary stay on DOGE usage and access to Treasury payment systems.

7:50 PM - AG Pam Bondi [R-FL] issues a memo warning any DOJ employees delaying the administration’s objectives.

8:39 PM - NOAA receives instructions to temporarily stop communications with foreign nationals.

8:50 PM - Federal bankruptcy court denies a second sell off of Alex Jones’ company Infowars.

9:27 PM - AG Pam Bondi [R-FL] creates the “Weaponization Working Group” to investigate the legal prosecution of Donald Trump by Jack Smith.

9:40 PM - The NCAA is reviewing the anti-trans sports executive order issued by Donald Trump.
