12:52 AM - Sen. Mike Lee [R-UT] joins Sen. Joni Ernst [R-IA], Elon Musk, and Vivek Ramaswamy [R-OH] in a Twitter space to discuss attaching the REIGNS Act to the next spending bill. The act would require Congress to approve any federal regulation that has an economic impact of $100m or more.

5:46 AM - The cutting of USAID’s funding program, Middle East Eye, defunded 30 Iranian opposition groups and media outlets.

5:55 AM - Stock traders may be holding off on selling stock because they believe the trade war will be transient.

6:30 AM - USAID informs their employees that the USAID HQ will be closed today.

7:01 AM - Canadian PM Justin Trudeau spoke with European Council President Antonio Costa. They reaffirmed that they would continue cooperation in trade and investment. Countries facing or under threat of Trump’s tariffs are reported to be coordinating retaliatory measures to have a greater effect.

7:58 AM - EU leaders say the bloc is prepared to launch countermeasures against the US if they levy tariffs on European exports. Trade both ways amount to $1.23t combined.

8:13 AM - Ontario Premier Doug Ford cancels the province’s contract with Starlink, a Musk-owned satellite internet company. He is also banning American companies from conducting business with the Ontario government.

8:22 AM - NBC reporting that some illegal immigrants arrested post-inauguration have already been released back into the US on a monitoring program.

9:09 AM - Donald Trump indicates that he’s (finally) spoken to Canadian PM Justin Trudeau. “Just spoke to Justin Trudeau. Will be speaking to him again at 3:00 P.M.” Trump is also now bringing up the issue that US banks cannot operate in Canada. Canada runs on a cooperative banking system mainly reliant on credit unions, whereas the US has private banking.

9:44 AM - Elon Musk nukes the Twitter account of a person that revealed the 6 young Musk-affiliated interns now working in DOGE in critical roles. Saying “you have committed a crime”.

9:52 AM - DOGE installed a commercial server to control federal HR databases containing personal information.

10:08 AM - DNC Vice-Chair David Hogg [D-FL] sends out fundraising messages to Democratic donors. However, the messages only link to his personal PAC instead of the DNC or any Democratic group.

10:09 AM - Rep. Andy Biggs [R-AZ-5] introduces a bill that would abolish the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). The bill simply reads: "The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 is repealed. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration is abolished."

10:21 AM - Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum announces that tariffs on Mexico will be delayed by a month. Mexico will provide 10,000 troops to the American border to prevent drug trafficking. In exchange, the US will work to prevent the smuggling of “high-powered weapons” into Mexico.

10:30 AM - House GOP in disagreement over the size of proposed budget cuts in the upcoming budget. Rep. Ralph Norman [R-SC-5] and other fiscal conservatives are looking at budget cuts in the realm of $2-5t, and find the currently proposed $500b cut unacceptable.

11:09 AM - House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries [D-NY-8] notifies house Democrats that he will introduce a bill to restrict access to the Treasury Department’s payment systems. This comes as DOGE seeks access to cut off funding at their discretion.

11:12 AM - GOP officials private note that Trump’s deferred resignation program likely violates the Anti-Deficiency Act, which forbids the government from promising or spending money beyond what Congress has appropriated.

11:37 AM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] has been made acting administrator of USAID. The agency will be folded into the State Department with significant workforce and budget cuts.

11:48 PM - Trump admin contemplates imposing a 10% tariff on all imports from the EU.

11:55 AM - Senate Intelligence Committee will vote on DNI nominee Tulsi Gabbard [R-HI] tomorrow in a private session.

11:57 AM - Ways and Means Committee Democrats will host an “emergency” call at 4pm to discuss DOGE and Trump’s tariffs.

12:01 PM - US Attorney in DC, Edward Martin, says he will investigate “Any threats, confrontations, or other actions in any way that impacts” Elon Musk’s operations at DOGE.

12:07 PM - Sen. Brian Schatz [D-HI] says he will implement a “blanket hold” on all Trump State Department nominees until USAID is restored.

12:16 PM - 1,000 USAID staff lose access to government accounts overnight without any warning. This includes USAID staff currently deployed to war zones.

12:32 PM - Judge AliKhan may issue a restraining order against the Trump admin over concerns that the admin is still implementing the spending freeze in spite of judicial orders. She will make a decision before 5 PM today.

12:42 PM - Sen. Andy Kim [D-NJ] conducted a press gaggle in front of the USAID building after confirming with security personnel there that the building was shut down. 