12:19 AM - Donald Trump’s Truth Social post about the
AA5342 disaster alleges the helicopter acted in a suspect
manner by flying straight at the airplane. He also asks
why ATC didn’t instruct the helicopter to divert course.
He says the accident looks preventable.

5:30 AM - In compliance with Trump executive orders,
the IRS removes words that include “equity” and
“inclusion” in IRS documents. “Inclusion” is an actual
concept in tax law.

6:28 AM - Rep. Andy Ogles [R-TN-5] on FOX News asks
if DEI played a role in the AA5342 disaster.

7:42 AM - DC fire chief says that there are no survivors of
the AA5342 disaster.

8:05 AM - Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy
[R-WI], when asked if there was an acting FAA director,
walked away from the podium instead of answering. The
FAA director resigned on January 21 under pressure
from Elon Musk to do so.

10:03 AM - Confirmation hearings begin for DNI
nominee Tulsi Gabbard [R-HI] and nominee for FBI
Director Kash Patel.

10:15 AM - Sen. Tom Cotton [R-MO] while speaking
during Tulsi Gabbard’s [R-HI] confirmation hearing: “In
a fallen world we have to take our friends where we find
them... What matters, in the end, is less whether a
country is democratic or non-democratic, and more
whether the country is pro-American or anti-American.”

11:24 AM - Donald Trump hosts a press conference at the
WH. He confirms that, unfortunately, no one has
survived the AA5342 disaster. He indicates that the
government has a good idea of what caused the crash.
Personally, he believes the Blackhawk crew was at fault.

With regard to the gap in federal aviation leadership and
employment, Trump is immediately appointing career
FAA official Christopher Rocheleau as acting FAA
commissioner.

Trump took time to cast blame on the previous
administration, saying “I put safety first. Obama, Biden,
and the Democrats put policy first.” He also called the
previous Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg
[D-IN] “a disaster”.

Trump accuses DEI policies for helping cause the
disaster. He highlights FAA hiring practices that allowed
them to hire people with mental disabilities. When asked
further if he had any proof that it was a factor in the
crash, he could not definitively answer that it was. He
says that he can conclude that diversity caused the crash
because he had “common sense”.

11:43 PM - After Trump’s questioning, SecDef Pete
Hegseth, Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy [R-W1],
and Vice President JD Vance address the media. Hegseth
says that “the era of DEI is gone” in the DOD. Duffy
defends Trump’s leadership with the disaster
“remarkable”. Vance says that he wants competent ATCs
and enough ATCs to do the job (the administration has
been doing the exact opposite).

12:04 PM - NYT reporting that the Trump administration
is looking at forcibly halting New York City congestion
pricing.

12:12 PM - Reuters reporting that military deportation
flights to Guatemala cost five times the price of a one-way
first class ticket.


12:15 PM - Pete Buttigieg [D-IN] responds to Donald
Trump’s insults during the WH press conference. He
calls Trump’s actions “despicable” and pointed out that
under him there were no airline fatalities in the US, while
Trump has significantly degraded federal aviation
agencies.

12:53 PM - Per Sen. Chris Murphy [D-CT], Trump
deported 7,300 people his first week. Half of what Biden
managed on average, in addition to the percentage of
deportees being criminals fell from 72% to 50%.

1:00 PM - Donald Trump revives his plans for a “National
Garden of American Heroes” with 250 statues of
important American historical figures to commemorate
the 250th anniversary of American independence in
2026.

1:33 PM - Fortune reporting top hires in the OPM include
a 21 year old and a new high school graduate, members of
Gen Z. These people also had ties with Musk-affiliated
companies.

1:34 PM - Reuters reporting that a checkpoint in Gaza is
being run during the ceasefire by an American security
firm hiring almost 100 US veterans.

2:09 PM - Sen. John Thune [R-SD] expresses confidence
in RFK jr.’s committee hearings. “He’s trending in the
right direction.”

2:32 PM - RFK/jr. states that he believes that WiFi
radiation can cause cancer when asked by Sen. Andy Kim
[D-NJ].

2:40 PM - Garnet Henderson reports the Department of
Transportation issued a memo yesterday. Within the
memo, it directed the DOT and DOT programs to “give
preference to communities with marriage and birth rates
higher than the national average.”

2:43 PM - FAA initial report on the AA5342 disaster
indicates that staff levels were not normal at the ATC
tower at Ronald Reagan International Airport. This
includes claims of one ATC seat being empty during the
time of the accident.

3:07 PM - The VA dismisses the directors of both the
Centers for Woman, and Minority Veterans. VA officials
say that operations will continue as normal.

3:15 PM - FCC Chief Brendan Barr opens up
investigations against NPR and PBS for allegedly airing
advertisements. The move could cut off federal fundi
NBC for public broadcasting.

3:36 PM - Trump signs a pair of executive actions, the
first is an executive order formally appointing a deputy
administrator for the FAA. The second one was a memo
ordering an investigation into air safety, and instructing
“competency” be put over “DEI”. It also explicitly blamed
DEI and the Biden administration for the disaster.

3:37 PM - Donald Trump announces that he will
implement 25% tariffs on both Canada and Mexico that
will take effect Saturday . He claims that the countries are
letting too much Fentanyl and immigrants into the
country. He also claims that both Mexico and Canada
have been unfair to the United States by running large
trade surpluses with the US.

4:01 PM - Reporters ask Trump about his plan to have
Jordan and Egypt take in the Gaza Palestinians. He
replies “they will do it.”

4:10 PM - When asked about if he’d visit the crash site of
AA5342, Trump points out that the plane crashed into
the water. “You want me to go swimming?”


4:10 PM - Donald Trump remains unsure if oil should be
included in the 25% tariff. He will make a decision in the
coming days.

5:26 PM - DOD employees connected to DeepSeek AI for
2 days before officials noticed and moved to shut off
access, per Bloomberg.

5:33 PM - Canadian ambassador Kirsten Hillman
reiterates that Canada has undertaken extensive efforts
to address American border concerns, and will tell that to
Trump. She also notes that if the tariffs do go into effect,
Canada will respond with their own.

5:34 PM - Head of the USAID Employee and Labor
Relations Division Nicholas Gottlieb is placed on
administrative leave after defying orders to fire
employees by DOGE and Trump appointees.

6:45 PM - FDA approves the first non-opiate painkiller,
Journavx, for distribution.

6:58 PM - WIRED reporting that government tech
workers are being brought to surprise meetings to
discuss projects with Musk-affiliated individuals.

8:18 PM - FEWS NET, a USAID project, has been shut
down as a result of the foreign aid freeze. The initiative
tracks global hunger data and was considered the global
standard for tracking famines.

8:46 PM - President Trump threatens 100% tariffs on all

BRICS countries if they try to replace the US dollar as the
global reserve currency. That would include China, India,
and Brazil.

10:11 PM - New email communications system for NOAA
and other agencies was so insecure that Ken Klippenstein
broke into it and sent messages advertising his substack
and Signal account to the entirety of NOAA. The email
system was forced to lock down following mass emailing
by Trump opponents.


