12:28 AM - The Presidential Personnel Office is identifying and firing over a thousand Biden appointed officials that Trump claims “are not aligned with our vision to Make America Great Again.” The first four fired are Jose Andres, Mark Milley, Brian Hook, and Keisha Lance Bottoms.

2:30 AM - CNBC reports that Tesla’s brand value has fallen by another $15b in 2024, 33% of its total value since 2022. Investors flock to the company as Elon Musk becomes increasingly cozy with Donald Trump, but customers haven’t as Tesla’s inventory ages and customers become uncomfortable with his affiliation with Trump and the German AfD.

8:20 AM - Instagram, owned by Mark Zuckerberg, is allegedly hiding search results related to the Democratic Party. Searching “Democrat” or “Democrats” bring up no results. Instagram is promising to fix the “error”.

9:43 AM - USCG Admiral Linda Fagan is fired as Coast Guard Commandant. FOX News claims the firing was due to “border lapses, recruitment, and DEI focus.”

10:10 AM - Office of Personnel Management asks agency heads to send names of all employees on probation by Friday. They will then make a determination whether or not to fire those employees, which are easier to fire.

11:03 AM - China vows to support the WHO and Paris Climate Accords. This comes after Trump withdraws from both, leaving a void that only the Chinese could fill.

1:14 PM - Tom Homan says that ICE is already conducting targeted enforcement operations.

1:51 PM - Senate members receive an affidavit containing new allegations against Pete Hegseth for going into a strip club while drunk and in uniform. The same affidavit also alleges that Hegseth’s second wife feared for her safety due to his erratic behavior.

2:19 PM - Attorney Generals from 17 states + DC have filed a lawsuit to block Trump’s executive order targeting birthright citizenship. These include CA, CO, CT, DE, HI, ME, MD, MI, MN, NV, NC, RI, VT, and WI.

2:52 PM - Biden era memo preventing ICE arrests at sensitive areas such as schools and churches has been revoked.

4:24 PM - 15 top DOJ officials in natsec and criminal divisions have been fired or reassigned. Some of these roles will be filled by appointees instead of career officials.

5:48 PM - OpenAI, Oracle, and SoftBank announce a $500b investment into AI infrastructure over 5 years called “Stargate”. The first AI data center will open in Texas.

6:24 PM - CIA director nominee John Ratcliffe [R-TX] fails to pass via UC, while DHS nominee Kristi Noem [R-SD] and SecDef nominee Pete Hegseth’s confirmation votes are being dragged out through the weekend by Democrats. Treasury Secretary nominee Scott Bessent passes committee.

6:56 PM - Ross Ulbricht is pardoned by Donald Trump. Ulbricht ran an online illicit drug trafficking site called “Silk Road”.

9:05 PM - All health agency external communications, including the FDA, NIH, and CDC, are paused. These include scientific reports, health advisories, social media posts, and website updates.

9:37 PM - All federal DEI staffers are issued a notice of leave. They will all be prepared to be laid off.

10:14 PM - LBJ’s Equal Employment Opportunity executive order is revoked by Donald Trump, in addition to Obama and Clinton executive orders. This is in an effort to end DEI and Affirmative Action in both public and private sectors. The executive order declares DEI illegal and “encourages” (threatening lawsuits and directing federal investigations WITH illegal quotas) the private sector to divest from such.
