8:50 AM - The White House announced that deportation
flights “began”, with a plane lifting off to deport
immigrants back to Guatemala. However, deportation
flights have been a frequent feature of the immigration
system, with Guatemala having already received 1,778
migrants in the past 5 years via flights.

9:02 AM - Navajo Nation leaders report that members of
the tribe were arrested by ICE and then questioning their
citizenship.

11:01 AM - DHS empowers immigration officials to
revoke the legal status of hundreds of thousands of
migrants brought in by the Biden administration and
then to seek their deportation.

11:36 AM - A proposed bill in Mississippi would create a
bounty hunter program for the hunting of illegal
immigrants.

11:51 AM - Donald Trump indicates that he will sign an
executive order to either reform or completely abolish
FEMA. FEMA was the target of conspiracy theories by
Trump’s 2024 campaign alleging that FEMA was setting
up camps to round up civilians under martial law. This is
also as Donald Trump is attempting to tie disaster aid to
Southern California with forcing the state to pass a voter
ID law.

11:58 AM - Donald Trump makes comments to the press
that Canada would not face any tariffs if they became the
51st state. He also claims they would benefit from tax
cuts and “much better healthcare”.

12:14 PM - Donald Trump pulls Anthony Fauci’s security
detail, which was being provided by the NIH. Fauci is the
target of constant threats due to being the face of the
COVID-19 response in the United States.

12:48 PM - Trump administration withdraws FDA plan
to ban menthol cigarettes.

1:32 PM - Canadian and Mexican steelmakers have been
allegedly rejecting orders from the US. They're worried
that, despite being exempt from the 25% steel tariff his
last administration, Donald Trump will not do the same
this time.

1:38 PM - Donald Trump’s 45 minute call with Danish
PM Mette Frederiksen is reported by the Financial Times
to be a disaster. Trump acted aggressively and insisted
that the US gain control of Greenland. Danish officials
are reportedly in a panic about his serious intentions.

2:01 PM - US military officials discuss sending a 10th
Mountain Division HQ and 82nd Airborne Division to
the southern border alongside Stryker ACVs from the 4th
Infantry Division. One plan indicates that the Strykers
would be driven to the border in a public display. USMC
forces arrived at the border earlier today.

2:11 PM - ICE agents raided Hamline Elementary School
in Chicago, per the CPS.

2:28 PM - Trump plans to withdraw 20,000 US troops
from Europe, then demanding that Europe pay a subsidy
to maintain the remaining US presence in Europe.
