9:20 AM - Chief of Staff Susie Wiles [R-FL] limits Elon Musk’s access to Donald Trump. His office is moved from the West Wing and DOGE reports have to go through her first.

11:58 AM - Kristi Noem [R-SD] is confirmed as DHS Secretary 59-34. Senators Fetterman [D-PA], Kim [D-NJ], Peters [D-MI], Shaheen [D-NH], and Slotkin [D-MI] defecting.

12:37 PM - Scott Bessent’s nomination for Secretary of the Treasury passes cloture 67-23. His confirmation vote will be on the 27th.

12:37 PM - Elon Musk makes a surprise appearance at an AfD rally in Germany. He claims Germans should overcome their past and national guilt. This is the narrative of the “guilt cult” preventing Germany from pursuing their future in a self-determined manner parroted by neo-Nazis.

12:58 PM - WSJ obtains a leaked email from Elon Musk to Twitter staff. He states that the company is growing stagnant. Elon Musk denies that this is the case.

2:41 PM - NYT reports that Donald Trump has fired acting DNI Stacy Dixon, and replaced her with Lora Shiao. The administration cites her involvement with DEI under the Biden administration as a major reason why. Dixon was the highest ranking black intelligence official.

3:05 PM - Air Force training videos documenting the service of women pilots during WW2 and the Tuskegee airmen have been removed from curriculum. This is to comply with Trump’s anti DEI initiatives.

3:50 PM - Speaker Mike Johnson [R-LA-4] invites Donald Trump to speak before both chambers of Congress on March 4. This will be his first State of the Union address.

3:54 PM - During a speech to his supporters in Las Vegas, Donald Trump alludes to the future territorial expansion of the US. “For... decades... we're the same size to the square foot, ...but we might be an enlarged country very soon.”

Later in that speech he also addressed tariffs, remarking that the US government's primary revenue was tariffs in the past. He also blamed past recessions on the implementation of the income tax, including the Great Depression.

4:16 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] officially freezes all foreign aid minus to Israel and Egypt in line with a Trump EO.

4:42 PM - Deportation flights by the US military are reported to cost up to $852,000 per flight. That is compared to flights chartered by ICE for $8,577.

5:13 PM - Trump admin has been working out a plan to have Oracle take over the majority stake in TikTok alongside other investors. ByteDance would remain a minority stakeholder in the company. Oracle already manages most of the web infrastructure for TikTok.

6:32 PM - Secretary of State Marco Rubio [R-FL] announces he has received information that might indicate the Taliban have more American hostages than previously believed. If true, he says that bounties on Taliban leadership will be placed.

7:17 PM - Trump administration begins large scale immigration raids in Los Angeles and the west coast. The operation is said to run 7 days a week.

7:33 PM - During a(nother?) speech to his supporters, Donald Trump claims that the 88,000 IRS agents that Biden either hired or tried to hire would all be terminated or reassigned. Most of those agents were not in enforcement roles, but in counseling and other support roles.

8:00 PM - Donald Trump orders the approval of all renewable energy projects on public lands and waters to be halted.

8:21 PM - Rep. Andy Biggs [R-AZ-5] announces his bid for Arizona Governor.

8:32 PM - USCG press release reveals that their assets have been used for deportation operations between California and Texas.

8:54 PM - During a press interview on Air Force One, Trump reiterates his desire to claim Greenland and Canada. He argues that Canadians would get lower taxes and better security, and (lies) that Greenlanders want to be a part of the US and that Denmark has no claim.

During that same interview he also stated he would not be firing DOJ IG Michael Horowitz. Horowitz had concluded that former FBI Director James Comey violated ethics by releasing a Trump memo demanding that he end the Michael Flynn investigation.

On Gaza, he proposed that Jordan and Egypt take in all Palestinian refugees. “Just clean out that whole thing.” He called the Jordanian King Abdullah to ask him to take more refugees.

