3:36 AM - Sen. Lindsay Graham [R-SC] (why the fuck is
this guy up at 3 AM) says that the Supreme Court has a
good chance of backing Trump’s EO on birthright
citizenship.

5:34 AM - Nvidia and other tech stocks stumble, losing
10% of market value and $370b in market cap in pre
market trading. Nasdaq futures also fell 4% in pre market
trading. Over the weekend a Chinese company released
DeepSeek, an AI language model that was much cheaper
than ChatGPT to develop.

9:46 AM - Mexican President Claudia Shienbaum reports
Mexico has received 4,000 deportees from the US since
the Trump administration took over.

9:50 AM - Donald Trump is expected to sign a group of
executive orders related to the military today. They would
end DEI programs within the military, reinstate troops
that were discharged for defying the COVID vaccine
mandate, call for the development of an Iron Dome for
America, and ban transgenders from the military. That
last executive order would forcibly discharge 15,000
service members, including those that chose not to
medically transition, and forbid the recruitment of
transgenders into the military in the future.

10:08 AM - CNN reports that federal immigration
officers have been instructed to record and publicize their
immigration enforcement operations.

10:17 AM - All Democratic Senators sign a one line
resolution that reads “Resolved, that the Senate
disapproves of any pardons for individuals who were
found guilty of assaulting Capitol Police officers.” They
will try to pass it this week.

10:35 AM - DeepSeek restricts registration to Chinese
mobile phone numbers only, effectively locking the app
to only Chinese nationals. DeepSeek reports that they
were subject to a massive cyber attack.

10:52 AM - Colombia is sending 2 government planes to
pick up the deportees that were slated to return to
Colombia yesterday. They also pledged to reinforce the
Darien Gap along the Panamanian border with troops.

11:07 AM - Trump aides have increasingly favored
slamming Canada and Mexico with tariffs as soon as
Saturday BEFORE negotiations begin. This bucks the
conventional trend of Trump threatening tariffs to
extract concessions.

11:07 AM - Trump admins stops the admission of
immigrants into the US via parole programs. Those with
parole status currently will not have their status
extended. This will affect Ukrainian and Afghan refugees.

11:36 AM - California Farm Bureau reports that fears of
deportation has functionally halted the citrus harvest in
the Central Valley as farmworkers are afraid to go to
work.

11:43 AM - Vice President of the European Commission
Kaja Kallas responds when asked about Trump's demand
for Greenland. “We are not negotiating... we are
supporting our member state, Denmark... and
Greenland...”

12:35 PM - Trump’s freeze on foreign aid also froze the
salaries of guards overseeing 9,500 ISIS prisoners and

their families. Most of them are reportedly not showing
up to work anymore.

12:45 PM - Per Bloomberg, Trump asserts federal
government control over water management in
California, ordering federal officials to override local
authority.


12:47 PM - China agrees to repatriate Chinese nationals
deported by the US.

1:35 PM - Danish government agrees to allocate the
equivalent of $2b to build up military assets in the Arctic.
In addition 3 new Arctic navy vessels and drones will also
be deployed.

3:10 PM - Recovered metadata on OPM memos show
that several have been authored by lobbyists and lawyers
from the Heritage Foundation and Project 2025 that have
since been loaded into the administration.

3:10 PM - Sen. Dick Durbin [D-IL] (crazy name btw)
receives reports that FBI Director nominee Kash Patel
broke protocol by informing the media of a rescue
operation of 2 American hostages while the operation
was underway in Yemen in 2020.

3:25 PM - AP reporting that US public health officials are
ordered to stop collaboration with the WHO effective
immediately.

3:29 PM - CBP agents engaged in a shootout with
suspected cartel members on the Mexican border near
Fronton, TX. The group of illegals trying to cross the
river did not make it across. Mexican military assets have
since taken up positions on the other side of the border
(assumed: deterrence).

3:43 PM - The US Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC) removes pages on sexual
orientation and gender identity discrimination from their
website. Title VII and Bostock are still standing.

3:43 PM - CNN reporting that Acting AG James
McHenry III fired over a dozen DOJ officials involved
with the Jack Smith prosecutions of Donald Trump. The
administration launched a “special project” to investigate
them.

6:04 PM - Leaked OMB memo issues a temporary pause
on nearly all federal grants and aid. While excluding
some programs such as Medicaid and Social Security, it
would affect many others. Pell grants, SNAP assistance,
section 8 housing, certain VA benefits, and disabled
student aid would be paused for a period of time. The
order goes into effect at 5pm tomorrow.

6:07 PM - Scott Bessent is confirmed 68-29 to become
Secretary of the Treasury. 16 Dems voted yea.

6:19 PM - NYT reporting that the Trump admin ordered
the disbursement of all HIV medications by overseas
organizations, even if the drugs have already been
obtained.

6:23 PM - Donald Trump during a speech talks about
implementing tariffs on foreign computer chips,
pharmaceuticals, semiconductors, steel, aluminum, and
copper. He also talked about the abolition of the income
tax and fully replacing it with tariffs.

6:38 PM - RFK Jr. tells Senate Finance Committee staff
that he’s open to seizing drug patents and giving them to
other manufacturers.

6:49 PM - Financial Times reporting that Secretary of the
Treasury Scott Bessent suggests that a universal tariff
could be implemented that starts at 2.5% and rises by
that amount every month up until it hits 20%.

7:01 PM - ICE statistics today show they made 1,179
arrests, and lodged 853 detainers. Over 500 have no
criminal record beyond illegal entry.

7:02 PM - Google maps will update the Gulf of Mexico to
the Gulf of America according to FOX News.

7:43 PM - 60 USAID officials were placed on immediate
leave. There was particular focus on targeting USAID’s
general counsel office. This would be nearly every career
official in the agency.



9:07 PM - WaPo confirms and reports on the OMB memo
leak, saying that it would apply to all federal grants.

9:10 PM - Donald Trump on AF1 signs multiple executive
orders, one of which was named “Eliminating Gender
Radicalism in the Military”. Though not yet published,
these are likely the military executive orders reported on
earlier today.

9:11 PM - While on AF1 Trump responded to press
questions about DeepSeek. Trump is not concerned,
claiming that US companies will be announcing new AI
tools next week.

9:25 PM - Trump tells the media that Microsoft is in talks
to buy TikTok alongside other named companies. Trump
also said he wanted a bidding war for the company.


