1:11 AM - After late night comments made by Donald
Trump claiming the military took over water
management in California, the California Department of
Water Resources denies the claim. Instead the federal
government restarted federal water pumps.

2:06 AM - NATO and EU officials have decided to remain
silent on Greenland. “A low profile seems to be the safest
bet... Hopefully he will be distracted by something else.”

5:51 AM - ICE went to a church yesterday to make an
arrest. Upon denial by the pastor, who was interrupted
mid-prayer service, they waited outside to apprehend the
illegal immigrant.

8:17 AM - French Foreign Minister Jean-Noél Barrot
discloses that France has been in talks with Denmark to
send troops to Greenland.

9:00 AM - Bloomberg reporting that NLRB General
Counsel Abruzzo and Board Member Gwynne Wilcox [D]
are fired by Donald Trump. Wilcox has since called her
firing “unprecedented and illegal”.

9:16 AM - Transgender rights groups are preparing to file
a lawsuit as early as today to stop Trump’s executive
order banning transgender service members from the
military.

9:20 AM - Sen. Gary Peters [D-MI] announces that he
will not run for reelection in 2026. The seat could be
potentially filled by term-limited Gov. Gretchen Whitmer
[D-MI] or Fmr. Secretary of Transportation Pete
Buttigieg [D-IN].

10:10 AM - MSNBC's Jeff Stein indicates that Medicaid,
in addition to Medicare and Social Security, should not
be affected by the 5 PM freeze on federal grants, loans,
and certain types of aid. The question is still in the air as
the hours tick down.

10:51 AM - Gretchen Whitner’s [D-MI] PAC announces
she is NOT running for US Senate in 2026. Meanwhile,
Axios reports that Pete Buttigieg [D-IN] is looking closely
at arun. State Senator Mallory McMorrow [D-MI] is also
considering running.

11:18 AM - Eric Mueller’s talk about the complicity of
lawyers in the rise of Nazi Germany at the a US
Attorney’s Office was cancelled by the DOJ.

11:29 AM - WaPo report reveals that RFK jr. has
previously argued that white and black people should
have separate vaccination schedules (???).

11:50 AM - Multiple states begin reporting issues with the
Medicaid payment system.

12:01 PM - Top Democrat appropriations Senator Patty
Murray [D-WA] issues a memo to Senate Democrats
claiming that programs such as Pell Grant, Veterans
Healthcare, School Lunch, Student Loans, Suicide
Hotline, and community health clinics among others
might be affected by the freeze.

12:02 PM - Federal agencies plan to target 3 cities every
week for large scale immigration enforcement. Aurora,
Colorado is reportedly slated to be one of the cities
targeted next.

12:35 PM - Letter to Senators accuses RFK jr. of showing
himself putting baby chickens and mice into blenders
during college (WTF?).

12:41 PM - Sean Duffy [R-WI] is confirmed 77-22 as
Secretary of Transportation. Duffy passed cloture
unanimously, but 22 Dems flipped.

12:41 PM - Department of Veterans Affairs canceled
suicide prevention training because it included
considerations for LGBTQ veterans.


12:43 PM - White House issues a follow up memo that
should clarify the previous OMB memo. SNAP, Pell
Grant, Student Loans, SSI, Medicare, and Medicaid
should NOT be frozen. However the programs should
still undergo review for promoting DEI, “gender
ideology”, and aid to illegal immigrants.

1:10 PM - Several nonprofit organizations have filed
lawsuits to stop the implementation of the OMB freeze
on grants, loans, and aid. They have 3 hours and 50
minutes to get an injunction.

1:11 PM - Sen. Ron Wyden [D-OR] confirms reports that
all 50 Medicaid pay portals are down following the OMB
freeze.

1:25 PM - During a WH press brief, Press Secretary
Karoline Leavitt says that organizations that rely on
federal funding should call Russ Vought (note: he isn’t
confirmed yet) and plead their case.

1:38 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says that New
Jersey drones were FAA authorized for “research and
various other reasons”.

1:39 PM - Sen. Chris Murphy [D-CT] claims that Head
Start payment systems are inaccessible. Preschools are
not receiving funding and unable to pay staff.

1:47 PM - Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says she is
unsure if Medicaid is affected by the OMB freeze.

2:00 PM - The new General Counsel of the OPM Andrew
Kloster has been reported having a history of deeply
disturbing or bigoted views. "Consent is probably modern
society’s most pernicious fetish".

2:07 PM - Senators Chuck Grassley [R-IA] and Dick
Durbin [D-IL] jointly write a letter to Trump demanding
he immediately comply with the law regarding
procedures for firing Inspector Generals.

2:08 PM - Ryan Michael English was arrested at the
Capitol after confessing to police he was armed and
intended to kill Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent. English
was originally intending to kill either Speaker Mike
Johnson [R-LA-4] or SecDef Pete Hegseth.

2:19 PM - Senate GOP considers bringing Tulsi
Gabbard’s [R-HI] nomination to the Senate floor even if
she does not win a recommendation or even receive a
negative one by the Senate Intelligence Committee.

2:48 PM - The Senate blocks a bill that would have
imposed sanctions on the ICC for ruling against Israel.

2:52 PM - People within the DOJ building in DC were
forced to evacuate following an unknown threat.
Authorities have yet to release any kind of information.

2:53 PM - The US will transfer dozens of drones and
Patriot interceptors from Israel to Ukraine. 90
interceptors have been moved from Israel to Poland
pending shipment into Ukraine.

2:57 PM - White House claims that Medicaid portal
issues are unrelated to the OMB freeze. They say they're
looking into resolving the issue and that payments are
still being processed.

3:24 PM - When asked by CNN reporters whether he
supported the OMB freeze on all federal grants, including
school lunches, Head Start, and childhood cancer
research, Rep. Rich McCormick [R-GA-6] said that kids
who received free lunches were leeching off the
government and should get a job.

3:29 PM - Research universities take differing
interpretations to the OMB freeze. Stanford did not
pause federally-funded research, while the University of
Chicago did.


3:30 PM - ICE suspends their illegal immigrant reporting
hotline. 90% of the calls they received were just people
reporting Elon Musk.

3:35 PM - Federal Judge Loren AliKhan schedules an
emergency meeting at 4 PM to discuss a motion to
immediately halt the implementation of the OMB freeze.

3:37 PM - Trump informs the Israeli government that he
intends to withdraw US troops from Syria.

4:06 PM - Payment sites for Medicaid cite the OMB
freeze as the reason why pay portals are inaccessible.
This indicates that the Trump administration was lying.

4:57 PM - Federal Judge Loren AliKhan halts the OMB
freeze just 3 minutes before it was slated to take effect.
The implementation of the freeze will be delayed until at
least Monday as litigation plays out.

5:18 PM - SecDef Pete Hegseth revokes Gen. Mark
Miley’s security detail and clearances effective
immediately. He also directs the Inspector General to
investigate Milley and orders the removal of Milley’s
second portrait in the Pentagon.

5:21 PM - Donald Trump signs an executive order
restricting gender affirming care for people below the age
of 19. The order directs TRICARE and Medicaid to no
longer cover gender affirming care for minors. The order
also directs the DOJ to pursue litigation to oppose the
practice. The order also uses language such as
sterilization” and “maiming” to describe such
procedures.

5:30 PM - Trump admin offers 2 million federal
employees the option to resign with a severance package
of 8 months of pay and benefits. They can either take the
deal or accept 5 days of in-person work per week. The
administration expects to see somewhere between 5-20%
of workers take the offer. The question being raised by
some though is if the Administration can even pay the
workers the promised amount due to appropriations and
restructuring laws on the books. The “deferred
resignation program” begins today and ends on February
6.

5:39 PM - Speaker Mike Johnson [R-LA-4] believes that
the GOP could hold the majority in the house “for a
decade”. He also says he supports the OMB freeze.

6:01 PM - WIRED reporting that top layers of OPM
management, including interns, staffers, and officials,
have been filled by people with ties to Elon Musk. These
include people originally from companies such as xAI,
Palantir, Neuralink, and The Boring Company.

6:30 PM - Google reclassifies the United States as a
“sensitive country” due to the requirement to change the
name of the Gulf of Mexico. Other sensitive countries
include China and Russia.

8:23 PM - The Department of Government Efficiency
website comes online. The only thing it has so far is the
department name and the words “The people voted for
major reform.”

8:54 PM - Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive
order prioritizing federal funding for “school choice
programs”. Which means federal funding for private
schools over public education.

g:21 PM - Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
(EEOC) acting chairwoman announces she will prioritize
the targeting of businesses that allow transgender
employees to use the same restrooms as cisgender
employees of the same gender identity.

10:05 PM - Mike Zimmer [D-LA] flips Iowa State Senate
District 35 in a special election by 3.6 points. The District
voted for Trump by 21 points.


